Quick Dill Jewish Peppers
Loaf "Jewish" rye bread, Head of garlic, Canning salt, Peppers to taste (I got hot, Pickle spice (optional--very, Water, Quartered cukes, Big dill plant (about 3/4, 
From: danceswithcarp <dcombs@kiva.net>    Date: Mon, 12 Aug 1996 22:39:27 -0500 (EST)  YIKES!   Someone just told me that pickling destroys vitamins.  The person  who alarmed me didnt know if the destruction was limited to hot pickling  (canning) or also included cold pickle recipes.    Ive gone with 10% brine in the 3-gallon crock this summer because A:) salt  doesnt affect me except to make me hold water and B:) I like crisp  pickles, be they cucumbers or peppers and I havent found a crisp alum  recipe that wirks yet.    Not to mention I just loaded up a 2 gallon crock with peppers and cucumbers  for "Quick Dill Jewish Peppers" (that was what was written on the recipe  card my friends ma gave me--they could ultimately be agnostic pickles as  far as I know.)    Cover the bottom of a 2 gallon crock with about a 1 inch (4cm) layer of  slices of rye bread.    Pack the crock with the cucumbers and pepper slices, weaving the fresh dill  leaves into the mix, add garlic slices as to taste and pickle spices if  necessary; I like mustard seed)    Put another 1 inch layer of the rye bread across the top of the sliced  peppers and cukes.    Pour hot water, salted to _taste_ only (slightly steaming, but not near  boiling--itll kill the yeast as will too much salt), over the mix until  the top-bread is slightly submerged.    Cover with a cloth and let stand and ferment for 7-10 days at room temps.    Eat pickles.  They are delish (almost a Clausen, but not quite.  Anyone got  a Clausen recipe?)......Friends have used this amount of dill on smaller  lots to no ill effect; play around.    BUT......this is not a long term storage method. these pickles need  refigerated and eaten.  They have almost *NO* acid for canning.    However, I dont know about their vitamin situation or how long they will  stay good in a refegerator.    Anyone got any idears on this, brine, or hot-canning as to vitamin levels?    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #072    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.