Queen of Sheba Cake
Bittersweet chocolate, coars, Eggs, separated, room temper, All-purpose flour, Sugar, Chocolate garnishes, optiona, Sugar, Whipping cream, well-chilled, Egg yolks, room temperature, milk, Sugar, Cocoa-almond cake:, Cream of tartar, Water, Bittersweet chocolate, coars, Amaretto liqueur, Almonds; whole, blanched, Cocoa powder, Butter, melted and cooled, Almonds; blanched, toasted, Chocolate whipped cream:, Vanilla, Chocolate parfait:, Baking Powder, Whipping cream, well-chilled, 
Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350  degrees. Cover bases of two 9" springform pans with  foil, then attach sides. Finely grind almonds with 4  tbsp sugar. Sift flour, cocoa, baking powder into a  small bowl. Stir in almond mixture. Beat yolks and 8  tbsp sugar using electric mixer until slowly  dissolving ribbons form when beaters are lifted, about  6 minutes. Beat whites in another bowl, with cream of  tartar until stiff but not dry. Gradually, add  remaining 4 tbsp of sugar and beat until whites are  stiff and shiny. Fold 1/3 of almond/cocoa mixture into  yolks, then 1/3 of egg whites. Repeat twice, folding  in melted butter just before final 1/3 of whites is  incorporated. Spoon 1/2 of batter into each pan,  smoothing surface with spatula. Bake until tester  inserted in center of cake comes out dry, about 20  minutes. Cool in pans on rack 5 minutes. Invert onto  rack and cool cakes completely. Melt chocolate in top  of double boiler over hot, but not boiling water.  Bring milk to simmer in heavy medium saucepan over low  heat. Whisk yolks and sugar in bowl until smooth.  Gradually, whisk in hot milk, return to saucepan. Stir  over low heat until mixture leaves path on back of  spoon when finger is drawn across it, about 5 to 7  minutes. Do Not Boil. Gradually, whisk custard into  chocolate until smooth. Cool completely, stirring  occasionally. Whip cream to soft peaks. Fold into  cooled chocolate mixture in 3 batches. To assemble,  cut each cake into 2 layers, using a serrated knife.  Set one layer, cut side up in the 9" springform pan.  Combine liqueur and water. Brush 4 tbsp onto cake in  pan. Spoon 1/4 of chocolate parfait over cake,  spreading to edge. Top with second layer, cut side up.  Repeat with liqueur and parfait. Add third layer and  repeat. Add forth layer and repeat, smoothing top of  parfait with a spatula. Cover and freeze until firm,  at least 4 hours. Remove pan sides. Refrigerate cake  while preparing cream. Melt chocolate in double boiler  over hot, but not boiling water. Stir until smooth.  Remove from over water. Whip cream with sugar and  vanilla to stiff peaks. Whisk in chocolate. Spoon  mixture into a pastry bag fitted with medium star tip.  Set cake on serving platter. Pipe decorative whipped  cream rosettes around edge of cake. Set almonds in  rosettes. Mayalso use chocolate leaves or curls as  garnish.    