Cornmeal Pizza with Vidalia Marmalade Ham and Cheese
DOUGH, Active dry yeast, water, Sugar, all purpose flour, Salt, Whole wheat flour, Cornmeal, olive oil, MARMALADE, olive oil, Vidalia onions, Sugar, Cider vinegar, TOPPING, Olive oil, dry cured, Country ham, plum tomatoes, fontina cheese, Black pepper, 
To make the dough - In a medium bowl combine the yeast with the water and  sugar.  Stir gently to mix then let stand for five minutes or until bubbly.  Add one cup of the all purpose flour and the salt.  Mix thoroughly. Add the  whole wheat flour and the cornmeal and mix thoroughly. Sprinkle the  remaining all purpose flour on a clean work surface. Remove the dough from  the bowl and knead in flour as necessary, a little at a time to make a  workable dough.  Knead five to ten minutes, or until dough is smooth and  elastic.  Place in an oiled bowl, cover and let rise in a warm place for 45  minutes or until doubled in bulk. Punch down, shape into a ball, cover, and  let rise again until doubled, about 45 minutes to an hour.    To make the marmalade - In a heavy saucepan, beat the oil over medium heat.  Add onions, and sprinkle with sugar.  Cover and cook over medium low heat  stirring frequently, 30 to 40 minutes or until deep golden brown. Remove  from heat; stir in vinegar.    Preheat oven to 475.  Heat a heavy baking sheet, unglazed pizza dish or  bread tiles in the oven for five minutes.    Divide dough into four equal pieces.  On a lightly floured cutting board,  roll each piece of dough into a seven inch circle about 1/4 inch thick. Let  rest 5 to 10 minutes, brush dough lightly with olive oil and slide onto the  hot baking sheet.  Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until light golden brown and  crusty.    While still warm, brush lightly again with olive oil.  Top with ham, tomato  slices, then the Vidalia marmalade.  Sprinkle with shredded cheese. Return  to oven and bake 5 to 8 minutes or until hot and bubbly. Season generously  with black pepper and serve.    Source: Washington Post 1992 Around the Southern Table Submitted By DALE  SHIPP   On   05-06-94    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Aug 30, 98