Rabbit with Asiago Grits
Low-salt chicken broth, Olive oil, divided, Young rabbits, (2-1/4-pound), Carrots, each cut into 4, Asiago Soft Grits, Stalks celery, each cut into, Onions, quartered, Fresh thyme, (1/2 ounce), Parsley leaves, Chopped shallot, Leeks, each trimmed and, Fresh chives, Chopped fresh thyme, Fresh shiitake mushrooms, Fresh morel or chanterelle, Bay Leaves, Fresh portabella mushrooms,, 
Using a sharp knife, remove brown gills from the undersides of portabella  mushrooms; discard gills. Remove and reserve stems from portabella,  shiitake, and more mushrooms. Slice mushroom caps; set aside.    Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add  half of rabbit legs; saute 8 minutes or until browned. Place in a large  8-quart Dutch oven or stockpot; set aside. Repeat procedure with 2  teaspoons olive oil and remaining rabbit legs.    Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Add carrot  pieces and next 5 ingredients; saute 12 minutes or until vegetables are  lightly browned. Add carrot mixture to Dutch oven. Stir in reserved  mushroom stems and chicken broth, and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat,  and simmer 1 hour. Remove rabbit legs; set aside, and keep warm. Strain  stock through a colander into a large bowl, and set stock aside. Discard  solids.    Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in skillet over medium heat. Add rabbit loins,  and cook 2-1/2 minutes on each side or until browned. Cover and cook for 10  minutes or until done, turning loins after 5 minutes. Remove from skillet,  and cut loins in half crosswise. Set aside, and keep warm.    Heat remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil in skillet over medium heat. Add  shallot and 2 teaspoons thyme; saute 1 minute. Add sliced mushroom caps;  saute 5 minutes. Add rabbit stock; bring to a boil, and cook, uncovered, 7  minutes or until sauce is reduced to 6 cups.    Spoon 1/2 cup Asiago Soft Grits into each of 12 large shallow bowls. Divide  meat among bowls, and top each with 1/2 cup sauce. Yield: 12 servings  (serving size: about 4 ounces rabbit, 1/2 cup grits, and 1/2 cup sauce).    Per serving: 151 Calories; 6g Fat (33% calories from fat); 17g Protein; 10g  Carbohydrate; 32mg Cholesterol; 404mg Sodium    Serving Ideas : Garnish with parsley and chives.    NOTES : Chicken can be substituted for the rabbit.    Recipe by: Cooking Light, October 1994, page 87    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #429 by igor@digex.net on Jan 28, 1997.