Corn Bread Stuffing
Whole Eggs; slightly beaten, Home-style Corn Bread *, Bacon, Butter, Onions; chopped, Celery, Shallots; chopped, Dried Sage, Dried thyme, Pecans; toasted and coarsely, Chicken or Turkey Broth, 
The Cook & Kitchen Staff have offered you four different Thanksgiving Day  Dinner menus during November, and weve nearly finished serving up our  final recipe collection, featuring a "Thanksgiving Day Dinner on the Farm"  theme.    You will need to prepare and bake a batch of Home-style Corn Bread and  allow it to cool before you begin preparing todays recipe. If you did not  save the Corn Bread recipe, you can find it at our Archives (Just go to  http://www.bignetwork.com/dp/rd ? then click on "Archive," and then click  on "November 20. . .Home-Style Corn Bread.")    * See Nov. 20th Recipe-a-Day Feature: http://www.bignetwork.com/dp/rd    Pre-heat oven to 325-F degrees. Cut corn bread into 3/4-inch cubes. Place  corn bread cubes on a baking sheet and toast until dry but not hard, about  15 minutes. Cool. Transfer to large bowl.    Lightly butter 9-inch by 13-inch ovenproof baking dish and reserve, if  preparing immediately. (If preparing a day in advance of your meal, hold  this step until youre finishing the stuffing on the day its to be  prepared and served.)    Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp, about  8 minutes. Using tongs, transfer bacon to paper towels to remove excess  fat. Reserve 1/4 cup bacon drippings in skillet. Cool bacon and crumble.    Meanwhile, toast the pecans in the same 325-F degree oven for about 8 to 10  minutes. Turn once while toasting. Let cool, then chop the pecans.    Add butter to bacon drippings in skillet and melt over medium-high heat.  Add onions, celery, and shallots and saute just until pale golden brown,  about 10 minutes. Stir in sage and thyme. Pour mixture over corn bread  cubes in bowl. Mix in pecans and crumbled bacon. (This portion of your  preparation may be completed a day in advance of your meal. Cover, and  refrigerate.)    Stir chicken or turkey broth into the stuffing. Season to taste with salt  and pepper. Mix in eggs. Transfer to prepared dish. Bake stuffing in  covered dish alongside turkey for 1 hour. Uncover stuffing and bake until  top begins to crisp, about 10 minutes longer. Place stuffing in a serving  dish and serve warm.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Nov 25, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.