Rack of Lamb with Mustard Crust (Corrected)
Dijon mustard, Recipe cheddar cheese, Mansion pepper mixture; see, Minced fresh thyme, Recipe roast, Minced fresh rosemary, Sprigs fresh Italian, olive oil, Minced fresh basil, Salt, Eight-rib french-cut racks, Whole-grain or cajun creole, White peppercorns, Dry bread crumbs, Coriander seeds, 
Make sure rib bones and meat are well trimmed, free of fat and silver skin.  Season each rack with salt and Mansion Pepper Mixture.    Preheat a large ovenproof pan to medium-high heat. Add oil. When hot, lay  racks down in pan, on opposite side of the rib bones. Brown for 3 minutes.  Turn racks over so they are lying on the rib bone side and place pan in  preheated oven. Roast racks for 12 to 15 minutes (I assume at 350, same as  potatoes - HB) for medium-rare or to desired doneness. Remove pan from oven  and place lamb on a warm platter and let rest for 4 minutes.    Grind mustard and coriander seeds and white peppercorns in a mini-coffee  grinder. In a small bowl, mix ground seeds together with mustards and fresh  herbs. When well combined, smear a heavy coat of mustard mixture on top of  each rack. Sprinkle bread crumbs over mustard, coating evenly. Place racks  in a small roasting pan, crumb side up, and place under preheated broiler.  Broil for 2 minutes or until bread crumbs are evenly golden. Remove from  broiler and place racks on a cutting board.    Using a large, sharp French knife, carefully cut between each rib bone.  Spoon a portion of Cheddar Cheese Scalloped Potatoes at the 12 oclock  position on each of four hot serving plates. Place 4 chops circling the  potatoes, 2 chops on each side, crisscrossing their bones toward the edge  of the plate. Ladle Roast Garlic-Horseradish Sauce around the rim and  garnish with Italian parsley tucked between the chops and scalloped  potatoes. Serve immediately.    Original title: Rack of Lamb with Mustard Crust and Roast Garlic  Horseradish Sauce    NOTES : Menu: DINNER FOR THE BOSS Rack of Lamb with Mustard Crust and Roast  Garlic Horseradish Sauce Barbecue Oysters on Spinach-Red Onion Salad with  Bacon-Blue Cheese Dressing Cheddar Cheese Scalloped Potatoes Baby Carrots  and Sugar Snap Peas Old Fashioned Chocolate Layer Cake Chardonnay and  Cabernet  Recipe by: DEAN FEARING #HE1A06    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #814 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Sep 28, 1997