Classic Veal Parmesan E
olive oil, onions, carrots, celery, Salt, Black Pepper, Garlic, Dry red, Tomatoes, tomato paste, Water, Dried thyme, Dried Oregano, fresh basil, loin veal chops, Flour, Essence, Eggs, milk, Fine dried bread crumbs, Fresh fettuccine, mornay sauce, Parmigiano-reggiano cheese, 
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons  of the oil. Add the onions, carrots and celery. Season with salt and  pepper. Cook for 4 to5 minutes or until the vegetables are soft and clear  in color. Add the garlic and red wine. Bring the liquid to a boil and  reduce by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes. Season with salt and  pepper. Cook for 30 minutes. Whisk the tomato paste and water together. Add  to the tomatoes. Stir in the dried herbs. Bring the liquid to a boil, over  high heat. Turn the heat down to medium-low and simmer for 4 hours,  stirring occasionally. Reseason with salt and pepper. Stir in the basil.  Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Season the veal chops with salt and  pepper. Season the flour with Essence. Season the egg wash with Essence.  Season the bread crumbs with Essence. Dredge the veal chops in the flour.  Dip each chop in the egg wash, letting the excess drip off. Finally, dredge  the chops in the seasoned bread crumbs, coating completely. Add 1/4 cup of  the oil to two large skillets. When the oil is hot, add two chops to each  skillet. Pan-fry the chops for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until  golden. Remove and drain on paper towels. Season with Essence. Add the  pasta to the boiling water and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Place  the chops on a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake for 4 minutes, or  until hot. Remove the pasta from the heat and drain. Drizzle the pasta with  olive oil. Season the pasta with salt and pepper. Toss the pasta with the  Mornay Sauce. To serve, mound the pasta in the center of each plate. Lay  the veal chop over the pasta. Spoon the sauce over the veal. Garnish with  the grated cheese.    Yield: 4 servings    Recipe Courtesy of Emeril Lagasse-Copyright 1998    Copyright, 1998, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved    Recipe by: Emeril Lagasse-Copyright 1998    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by Leon & Miriam Posvolsky <miriamp@pobox.com>  on Aug 17, 1998, 