Coconut-Curry Tofu Stew with Spinach and Cabbage
Vegetable cooking spray, Dried shiitake mushrooms;, Thin scallions; trimmed and, Light coconut milk, Tamari soy sauce, Light brown sugar; or less, Mild curry powder; yellow;, Hot curry powder; red; or, Minced fresh ginger root; or, Chile paste with garlic, Crushed tomatoes with puree;, Bell pepper; orange or, Basil leaves; chiffonade, Water, Vegetarian bouillon base, Torn spinach leaves;, Shredded cabbage; such as, Tofu Mori-nu lite firm;, 
Drain the tofu and press for at least 10 minutes. Slice the block into  three 1/2-inch slabs. Heat a griddle pan; spray the surface and lightly  brown the tofu on both sides. When done, let cool slightly. Remove from the  pan and cut into chunks for the soup.    In a 3-quart saucepan, combine coconut milk, soy sauce, brown sugar, curry  powders, ginger and chile paste. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add  tomatoes with juice, tofu, bell pepper, mushrooms, basil and scallions. Add  the water and the bouillon base. Cover and cook, stirring or shaking  occassionally for 5 or 8 minutes or until bell peppers are as soft was  desired. Add the cabbage; cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add spinach;  cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Adjust  seasoning with additional soy, chile paste or curry powder. Continue to  simmer gently until the flavors blend: to taste. Serve hot.    [PER SERVING: 156 cals, 5.7g fat (29% cff); 21g carbs, 10g protein, 434mg  sodium / MC]    TEST PANTRY: Sharwoods curries. Taste of Thais Chile sauce with garlic;  better than bouillon vegetable base; Taste of Thais Light coconut milk.  REVIEW: Excellent. Spicy coconut-curry broth sweetened with tomatoes and  the little bit of brown sugar was light. Fun to eat; satisfying not  filling. Could feed two if no side dishes available. -- 07Oct98  kitpath@earthlink.net    ORIGINAL: Omit the water and vegetarian bouillon; decrease tofu to  8-ounces; do not brown the tofu. Use bok choy or spinach; omit cabbage.    Recipe by: Eating Well (Oct 98): Deborah Madison / Modified*    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Oct 07,  1998, 