Corned Beef and Noodles
All-purpose flour, milk, Horseradish, Salt, Prepared mustard, Pepper, Frozen Peas, Corned Beef, Medium Egg Noodles, Butter or margarine, 
The Cook & Kitchen Staff are continuing to offer you some of our favorite  recipes from our "Creative Casserole" collection. Weve heard from many of  our members over the past few months, and one member sent us a particularly  moving appeal in the form of a request for one-dish meals.    It seems this Recipe-a-Day member is casserole-challenged, and needed some  ideas to keep her baking dishes from collecting dust. Okay, she really  needed a reason to remove them from the package from whence they came. So,  Michelle, todays recipe is for you, and remember, the intimidated novice  cook needs only one successful meal to inspire herself to new culinary  heights. In other words, Ill call my brother and tell him to compliment  your cooking to build your confidence in the kitchen! Good luck.    Prepare noodles as directed on package, or use the recipe below to prepare  your own fresh egg noodles from scratch. Drain and reserve.    In a large saucepan melt the butter or margarine over medium heat. Stir in  the flour and slowly add milk, making sure to stir constantly. Cook until  the mixture is thick and bubbly. Stir in horseradish, salt, mustard, and  dash of pepper. Add peas and then noodles to the sauce.    Turn out the entire mixture into a 9-inch square oven-proof baking dish and  evenly distribute the corned beef slices over the top of the noodles.    Bake in a pre-heated 350-F degree oven for about 30 minutes. Remove from  oven and let stand to cool, for about 5 minutes. Spoon to serve.  Kitchen Staff Tip: To prepare homemade egg noodles from scratch, simply  combine a well- beaten egg, 2 tablespoons milk, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a  mixing bowl. Add enough sifted all-purpose flour to make a stiff dough,  usually about a cup. Roll the dough out very thin on a floured surface and  let stand for 20 minutes. Roll up loosely and slice the dough into 1/4-inch  strips. Unroll the noodles and let dry at least 2 hours. At this point you  may elect to store your noodles in an airtight container until required for  a recipe, or drop the fresh noodles into a boiling pot of lightly salted  water and cook, uncovered, for about 10 minutes. Makes about 3 cups of  cooked egg noodles.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 21, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.