Quinoa Tabbouleh | Salpicon De Quinua
Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Ripe tomatoes; diced, GARNISH, Serrano or jalapeno chile, Finely chopped flatleaf, Bulgarian or Greek feta, Water, Fresh lime juice OR lemon, Kalamata olives; optional, Chopped fresh dill weed OR, Garlic, Quinoa, Cucumber; peeled and diced, Scallions with green;, salt and pepper, 
QUINOA "TABBOULEH" or Salpicon de quinua is commonly served on a bed of  greens and adorned with a whole array of garnishes, which may include  wedges of hard-boiled eggs, little rounds of corn on the cob, capers,  pitted black olives, cubes of a zesty Peruvian cheese akin to feta. This is  a complete meal with a crisp bread like lavash or brushetta; serve fruit  for dessert: fresh or pie.    PREP: Rinse the quinoa in a large bowl-strainer under cold running water,  rubbing it with your fingertips until the water draining from the strainer  runs clear. This will wash off any saponin, a naturally occurring soapy  substance, that may adhere to the quinoa.    Bring the quinoa and the water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium  heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the water has been absorbed and the  grains are translucent, about 10 to 15 minutes.    Transfer the cooked quinoa to a large bowl, allow it to cool to room  temperature, and then chill it, covered, in the refrigerator, for at least    1-1/2    hours.    Mix together the olive oil and the lime or lemon juice in a small bowl.  Stir the dressing into the quinoa. Add the tomatoes, cucumbers, scallions,  garlic, serrano or ialapeno chiles, parsley or cilantro, and dill or mint  and toss gently. Taste and season with salt and black peppers as needed.  Spoon the quinoa salad on large plates, and garnish.    SOURCES: L>atin American Cooking Across the USA (1997) Himilce Novas and  Rosemary Silva (Knopf 0679444084) >phannema@wizard.ucr.edu >MC-PER SERVING:  243CAL, 8.3G fat (29.5% cff). 36.9g carbs >eat-lf Archive Jan 1998    INDEX: Appetizers Eat-Lf Grains Quinoa Salads Xtended-Prep    Suggested Wine: fruity white    Recipe by: Latin American Cooking Across the USA    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n018 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Jan 18, 1998