Real French Chocolate Mousse
Egg whites, Cognac, coffee, brewed, Heavy cream, confectioner's sugar, Semi-sweet chocolate, unsalted butter, Egg yolks, 
Real French Chocolate Mousse    French Chocolate Mousse    Brush the inside of a 1 quart charlotte (cylindrical) or ring mold with a  film of veg. oil. Invert the mold on paper towels to drain. In a heatproof  mixing bowl, beat the egg yolks and sugar with a whisk, rotary or electric  beater for 2 or 3 minutes, or until they are pale yellow and thick enough  to form a ribbon when the whisk is lifted from the bowl. Beat in the  cognac. Set the mixing bowl over a pan of barely simmering (not boiling)  water, and continue beating for 3 or 4 minutes, or until the mixture is  foamy and hot. Then set the bowl over a pan of iced water and beat for 3 or  4 minutes longer, or until the mixture is cool again and as thick and  creamy as mayonaise. In a heavy 4 to 6 cup saucepan, melt the chocolate  with the coffee over hot water, stirring constantly. When all of the  chocolate has dissolved, beat in the butter--one piece at a time--to make a  smooth cream. Then beat the chocolate mixture into the egg yolks and sugar.  In a seperate bowl, with a clean whisk or beater, beat the egg whites until  they are stiff enough to form stiff peaks on the wires of the whisk. Stir  about 1/4 of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it, then  very gently fold in the remaining egg whites. Spoon the mousse into the  oiled mold or dessert cups and refrigerate for at least four hours or until  it has set. To unmold and serve, run a long sharp knife around the sides of  the mold and dip the bottom of it in hot water for a few seconds. Then wipe  the outside of the mold dry, place a chilled serving plate upside down over  the mold and, grasping both sides firmly, quickly turn the plate and mold  over.  Rap the plate on a table and the mousse should slide easily out of  the mold. If the mousse doesnt unmold at once, repeat the whole process.  With a wire whisk, rotary or electric beater, whip the chilled cream in a  large chilled bowl until it is firm enough to hold its shape softly.  Garnish the mousse with the whipped cream.    