Raspberry Souffle
Chambord or framboise, Salt, pinch, Sugar plus extra for souffle, Egg whites, at room temperat, Raspberries, fresh or frozen, Orange zest, Lemon juice, fresh, Cream of tartar, Cornstarch, 
Calories     per serving: 87 Fat grams per serving: 0 Approx. Cook Time: 35  Cholesterol  per serving: 0     In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar and  grated orange zest. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring and mashing  the raspberries. Dissolve cornstarch in lemon juice and add to raspberry  mixture. Cook, stirring, for about 45 seconds, or until thickened and no  longer cloudy. Remove from the heat and stir in chambord or framboise and  the remaining 1/3 cup raspberries. Cool to room temperature. ( The recipe  can be prepared ahead to this point. Cover and refrigerate for up to 2  days. Bring to room temperature before proceeding. )     Position rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat oven to 350  degrees. Lightly coat the inside(s) of a 1 1/2-quart souffle dish or six 1  1/2-cup individual souffle dishes with vegetable oil or nonstick cooking  spray. Sprinkle with sugar and shake out excess.     In a large, grease-free mixing bowl, beat egg whites with an electric  mixer on medium speed until foamy and opaque. Add cream of tartar and salt;  gradually increase speed to high and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually  add remaining 3 tablespoons sugar and beat until stiff ( but not dry )  peaks form.     Stir raspberry mixture well. Whisk about one-quarter of the beaten egg  whites into the raspberry mixture to lighten it. Using a rubber spatula,  fold the raspberry mixture back into the remaining whites. Turn into  prepared dish(es) and smooth top(s) with spatula. Place dish(es) in a  roasting pan. Fill pan with hot water to come one-third of the way up side  of the dish(es). Bake until puffed and top is firm to the touch, about 25  minutes for individual souffles and about 35 minutes for a large souffle.  Dust with confectioners sugar and serve immediately. Serve 6. Source: Ahn  Dao    