Rajas Tacos
Salt, Onions, cilantro, Poblano chiles, Garlic, Queso ranchero, Vegetable oil, Mexican cream, 
This recipe is from the Food section of the Los Angeles Times.    Rajas can be eaten either as a taco filling or as a vegetable side dish to  a fairly bland main course. I like them with sausages. Queso ranchero is a  Mexican cheese that is tangy, mildly salty and melts softly. It--and many  other Mexican dairy products, including the slightly sour cream--is  available in almost all supermarkets these days. Cacique makes a  particularly good one.    Roast peppers either under broiler, on grill or over gas burner until skin  begins to blacken, about 10 minutes. Place in bowl and cover with damp  towel to finish steaming. When cool, peel thin, blackened skin and discard.  Remove seeds and stems and tear flesh into coarse shreds.    Cut onions in half, then in half-moons less than 1/2 inch thick. Combine in  skillet with oil and cook, covered, over low heat until onions have  thoroughly wilted and softened and are beginning to brown, 15 to 20  minutes. Remove cover and raise heat to medium. Add garlic and 1 tablespoon  cilantro and cook until garlic is soft, about 5 minutes. Add pepper shreds  and heat through, about 5 more minutes.    Just before serving, add cream, stir to combine and cook just long enough  to thicken, 1 to 2 minutes. Add salt, plus more to taste if necessary. Do  not over-salt; cheese is somewhat salty. Remove from heat and add crumbled  cheese and more chopped cilantro to taste.    4 side-dish servings or 6 servings as taco filling.    Each of 4 servings: 185 calories; 690 mg sodium; 11 mg cholesterol; 13  grams fat; 15 grams carbohydrates; 5 grams protein; 2.58 grams fiber.    Kitchen Tip To prepare tortillas for soft tacos, either toast them lightly  over an open flame or wrap them in a kitchen towel in bundles of 10 and put  them in a steamer. After steaming for 1 minute, turn the heat off and let  them in the pan for 10 minutes before serving. Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST  V4 #104 by Leslie Duncan <duncan@vianet.on.ca> on Aug 29, 1997