Raspberry Custard Squares
Butter, RASPBERRY LAYER, Rasberries; * See Note, Cornstarch, Egg yolks, Whipping cream, Vanilla wafer crumbs, Crust, Granulated sugar, Toasted chopped almonds or, Granulated sugar, Lemon juice, milk, Vanilla, Envelopes unflavoured, Cold water, CUSTARD LAYER, Granulated sugar, 
* Frozen, unsweetened, thawed.    Serve this dessert with whole fresh raspberries in the summer or, in  winter, puree frozen raspberries to serve as a sauce.    Crust: In bowl, combine crumbs, almonds and sugar; mix in butter. Pat into  8-inch (2 L) square glass baking dish. Bake in 350 F (180 C) oven for 10 to  15 minutes or until fragrant and lightly browned. Let cool on rack.    Custard Layer: Meanwhile, in heavy saucepan, stir sugar with cornstarch;  whisk in milk and cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, for 5 to  10 minutes or until slightly thickened and smooth. In bowl, whisk egg  yolks; stir in half of the hot milk mixture. Return egg yolk mixture to  pan; cook, stirring constantly, for about 3 minutes or until thickened.  Remove from heat; stir in vanilla.    Stir gelatin into cold water; let stand for 1 minute, then stir half of the  mixture into custard. Cover and set remaining gelatin mixture aside for  raspberry layer. Lay plastic wrap directly on surface of custard; let cool.  Pour over crust and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.    Raspberry Layer: Press raspberries through food mill or fine sieve to mask,  remove seeds and make about 1 cup (250 mL). Transfer to small saucepan; add  sugar and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes, stirring to dissolve sugar.  Remove from heat; stir in lemon juice and reserved gelatin mixture until  gelatin is dissolved. Chill until consistency of raw egg whites.    Whip cream; fold in raspberry mixture. Spread over custard; cover and  refrigerate until set, about 4 hours. (Dessert can be covered and  refrigerated for up to 2 days.) Cut into squares to serve with forks.    Makes 8 servings.    To toast almonds, spread on baking sheet and bake in 350 F (180 C) oven for  5 to 7 minutes or until golden.    Typos and Busting courtesy of Peg Baldassari, March 18, 1998.    Recipe by: Canadian Living    Posted to recipelu-digest by Peg Baldassari <Baldassari@compuserve.com> on  Mar 18, 1998