King Ranch Chicken
Chili powder, All-purpose flour, Chicken stock or broth, Buttermilk, Salt, Butter or olive oil, Onion, Green bell pepper, Poblano, Mushrooms, Plum tomatoes, Pimientos, Canola oil for softening, Corn tortillas, Chicken, Green olives, Green onions, Longhorn cheese, Butter, Garlic, Pepper, 
Preheat oven to 350F.  Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish or 3-quart casserole.      Make the Sauce:    Melt the butter in a heavy skillet over medium-low heat.  Add the garlic and chili powder, and saute for a minute or two.  Raise the heat to medium.  Quickly sprinkle in the flour and stir to mix.  Pour in a small amount of the chicken broth, stirring constantly to remove lumps and allowing the  flour to "cook" briefly.  Gradually add the remaining chicken broth, add the buttermilk and continue stirring until sauce has thickened, 3 or 4 minutes.  Add salt and pepper to taste.  Sauce may be prepared in advance and refrigerated.      Make the Filling:    Warm a heavy skillet over medium heat, add the butter or olive oil, and saute the chopped onion, green pepper, poblano, mushrooms, tomatoes and pimientos until onion is transparent, about 4 or 5 minutes.  Fold into the  mixture the diced chicken, olives and green onions, combining well.  Remove from heat.      Assembling the Dish:    In a small skillet, heat about about half an inch of canola oil.  Using tongs, dip the tortillas in the hot oil one at a time, for just a few seconds, so that they are softened.  Cover the bottom of your baking dish with 4 of the softened tortillas.  Layer the remaining ingredients in the following order:  Half of the chicken/vegetable mixture  Half of the grated cheese Half of the sauce  The remaining 4 softened tortillas The remaining chicken/vegetable mixture The remaining grated cheese The remaining sauce  Bake for 30 minutes at 350F until casserole is heated through and bubbly.  Makes 6 to 8 servings.  Notes: Possible substitutions:  A small can of Ro-Tel tomatoes and chiles for the tomatoes and poblano, OR a small can of green chiles for just the poblano. 