Creamy Butter Chicken
Chicken skinned quarters *, Oil; up to 5, MARINADE, Full fat yoghurt; (told you, Cloves of garlic, Square fresh ginger; 1/2", Red chilli powder or more if, Coriander powder, Cumin powder, Garam masala powder, Cochineal or red food, Salt, Lime juice, MAKHANI SAUCE, Dried methi leaves, Chilled butter; (see note), Paprika, Few drops of vinegar, Garam masala powder, Salt to taste, Single cream, 
* or smaller pieces on the bone. I used boneless chicken breasts cut into  bite size pieces.    This has to be the best curry (according to my wife and hey who am I to  argue) I have ever made. Stacks up to any restaurant one. Its definitely  not health food but sure tastes good. Serve with hot garlic naan bread.  Its from the 50 best Indian curries cook book I posted about recently.  Most people will probably want to jack up the heat. Creamy yummy though.    First prepare the marinade. Place the yoghurt in a piece of cheesecloth and  leave to hang to allow the whey to drip away (I didnt bother and no-one  died). Puree the garlic and ginger in a blender then add this and all the  marinade spices, salt and lime juice to the yoghurt and mix well.    Make gashes in the chicken if using pieces on the bone then mix chicken in  the marinade and leave in the fridge overnight if possible otherwise 1-2  hours, longer = better.    Scald the tomatoes for the makhani sauce and peel off the skin (tin was  easier and worked ok for me). Grind the fenugreek leaves to a powder.    After marinating heat the oil in a large thick bottomed pot and put in the  chicken with the marinade. Cover and cook over a low heat till done turning  occasionally.    Put the tomato in a frying pan and reduce slightly, 5 mins or so on low  heat. Add the paprika and chilled butter, after the chilled butter has  melted cook for one minute. Taste it, if it has no sourness add a fewdrops  of the vinegar. Add the ground fenugreek leaves and the garam masala and  salt to taste. After 30 secs add the cream and stir. The sauce is now  ready, mix it well with the chicken and serve.    Notes: The butter needs to be chilled as if you cook it for more than three  minutes it turns to ghee and goes horrible. You can cook the chicken ahead  of time but the makhani sauce which only takes 5-6 minutes should be made  when you are ready to eat it. IMHO Its not worth trying all the low fat  alternatives as we love it as it is and I dont think youd eat it every  day. The recipe originally came from the tandoori oven indians who used to  mix what was left of the tandoori chicken with the sauces that had dripped  of during cooking then serve with cream.    It is a little fussy recipe as you need to go pretty quickly at the end, I  put all the spices on saucers ready to throw in when required.    Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST by martino@indcomp.com.au on Oct 23, 1998,  