Raspberry Delice
Seedless Raspberry Jam, Vegetable oil, RASPBERRY PUREE, Fresh Raspberries, or, All-Purpose Flour, sifted, Unflavoured Gelatin, Heavy cream, Sugar, Vanilla, Eggs, at room temperature, Frozen Raspberries, thawed, RASPBERRY GLAZE, Sugar, plus, Cold water, GENOISE, Raspberry Liqueur, RASPBERRY BAVARIAN CREAM, Sugar, 
Genoise: Preheat oven to 350F. Generously butter and flour 2 15x10x1"  jelly-roll pans. In a large mixing bowl beat eggs, 1 cup = 2 tb sugar and  vanilla on high until mixture triples in volume and runs off beaters in  thick ribbons, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add 1/4 of the flour at a time,  sifting it evenly over the egg mixture and then folding it in with a large  rubber spatula. Drizzle oil over top of egg mixture and fold in. Gently  spread batter evenly in pans. Bake at 350F for 20-25 minutes until cake is  golden brown and springs back when gently touched in center. Cool in pans  set on racks.    Raspberry Puree: In a food processor, blend berries in several batches,  pulsing on/off several times until berries are liquefied. Do not  overprocess or seeds will be ground up and impossible to remove. Press  puree through a fine sieve a little at a time, until all juice is  extracted. Discard seeds. Measure 2 cups plus another seperate 3 tb puree.  Cover and refrigerate and ramining puree to use another time.    Raspberry Bavarian Creme: In a large bowl combine 2 cups raspberry puree  and 1/2 cup sugar. Mix well to dissolve sugar. Set aside. In a small  saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over cold water. Let soften 10 minutes. Add 3 tb  rasberry puree. Stir over medium-low heat until gelatin dissolves. Stir  into raspberry sugar mixture. In a chilled large mixing bowl beat cream to  soft peaks. Fold into raspberry mixture.    Assembly: Butter and sugar 10 6 ounce ramekins or molds that measure about  3" in diameter and 1 1/2" deep. Using a cookie cutter, cut cake into 20  rounds the same diameter as inside the rim of the rmaekins, about 2 3/4".  Remove cake rounds from pan with a small spatula. Place 1 cake round in  each ramekin. Reserve remaining cake rounds. Spoon Bavarian cream into  ramekins, filling almost to top. Arrange remaining cake rounds atop  Bavarian cram layer. Cover, and refrigerate overnight.    Raspberry Glaze: In a small saucpan, combine raspberry jam and liqueur.  Stir over medium heat until melted and smooth. Cool 5-10 minutes.    To Serve: Dip molds briefly in hot water. Run knife around edge of molds to  loosen. Unmold and arrange top side up on serving plates. Spoon warm  raspberry glaze over top cake rounds. Refrigerate 15 minutes to set. If  Desired serve with a custard sauce.    Note: Pound cake cut in rounds 3/8" thick may be substituted for the  geniose.    Source: Victoria Magazine, January 1994 Typed by Katherine Smith Cyberealm  BBS and home of Kook-Net, Watertown NY 315-786-1120    