Raspberry Chiffon Pie with Choco/walnut Crust
Canned pumpkin, Envelope (1 T) unflavored, milk, Vanilla extract, Tsalt, CHOCOWALNUT CRUST, Sugar, Finely chopped walnuts, Eggs, Sugar, Vegetable shortening, PUMPKIN CHIFFON FILLING, (6-oz) semi-sweet Real, Nutmeg, Heavy cream, whipped, Cinnamon, 
If you are looking for something just a little different yet something very  elegant then try this delicious, light pumpkin chiffon pie made in a choco  walnut crust. The choco-walnut crust is so different that it adds a tasty  surprise to the pumpkin chiffon pie.    While the pumpkins flesh is orange-colored and has a distinctive sweet  flavor, the word pumpkin is derived from the Greek word pepon meaning  "cooked by the sun". Although most Americans associate pumpkin pie with  Thanksgiving as its traditional dessert, back in the 17th century, a  Connecticut town could not get the necessary ingredients for the pie so the  holiday was delayed.    Pumpkin itself supplies us with vitamin A and adding the other ingredients  to enhance the flavor is certain to give your family a nutritional boost.  When you make this pumpkin chiffon pie in its own choco-walnut crust youll  find it will become a family favorite. and not just something youll make  once a year.    Here ls the reclpe as deveoped in the test kitchen of a famous chocolate  manufacturer.      Choco-walnut Crust: Melt over hot (not boiling) water Semi-Sweet Real  Chocolate Morsels and vegetable shortening; mix well. Stir in walnuts.  Press over bottom and sides of a foil-lined 9 inch pie pan. Chlll in  refrlgerator until firm (about 1 hour). Lift shell from pie pan; peel off  foil and replace shell in pie pan. Fill with Pumnkin Chiffon Filling.    Pumpkin Chiffon Filling: In 1 large saucepan, combine sugar, gelatin, salt,  cinnamon and nutmeg. Stir in milk, egg yolks and pumpkin. Cover over medium  heat until mixture boils and gelatin dissolves. Remove from heat. Add  vanilla extract.    Transfer mixture to small bowl. Chill over ice bath until mixture mounds  from spoon (about 30 minutes).  In another small bowl, beat egg whites  until soft peaks form. Gradually add sugar and beat until stiff peaks form.  Fold into pumpkin mixture with whipping cream. Pour mixture into  Choco-Walnut Crust. Chill until firm (about 1 hour).    Makes one 9 inch pie.  Use 1 1/2 time crust recipie.    Note: Shell may be filled on a serving platter rather than returned to pie  plate.  This recipe was published in the late 1970s in the "New Orleans  Times Picayune".  Posted to Recipe Archive - 13 October 96    Date: Sun, 13 Oct 96 14:34:23 EDT    submitted by: clotaire@concentric.net