Ratatouille Pancakes
L.A TIMES FOOD SECTION 9/94, Dried Oregano, LARRY LUTTROPP FVKC70A, Flour, Grated Parmesan cheese, OR, Shredded Muenster cheese, olive oil, Eggs, Ratatouille, drained, Cheese is OPTIONAL, Baking Powder, Red pepper flakes, Salt, Unsalted butter, 
Combine flour, baking powder, eggs, salt, oregano and red pepper in food  processor with metal blade. Pulse processor until ingredients are mixed.  Add ratatouille. Again pulse processor until vegetables are finely chopped  in batter but still with some texture. Do not puree. Heat 1 teaspoon each  of butter and olive oil in large nonstick griddle. When hot and beginning  to sizzle, drop batter on griddle, 2 tablespoons at a time. Use back of  spoon to smooth pancakes to 3-inch diameter. Cook over medium heat until  brown and well set, about 5 minutes. Use spatula to turn. Continue cooking  until well browned, about 4 minutes more. Repeat with remaining batter,  adding more butter and oil as needed. Pancakes can be made a day ahead and  refrigerated, or frozen up to 2 months, wrapped airtight. Let cool  completely. Arrange on wax-paper lined baking sheet and cover with foil. To  reheat, arrange single layer on lightly greased baking sheet. Sprinkle  lightly with cheese. Bake at 375 degrees until warmed through, about 7  minutes, or slightly longer if frozen. Serve hot or very warm. Makes 16  pancakes, or 4 main-course servings. Each serving contains about: 251  calories; 568 mg sodium; 118 mg cholesterol; 15 grams fat; 23 grams  carbohydrates; 7 grams protein; 0.9 gram fiber. Presented by: Abby Mandel,  L.A. Times Good Cooking column, "Too much of a Good Thing? Make  Ratatouille", 9/29/94, page H27. "Thin but substantial, these pancakes are  delicious for brunch when topped with poached eggs, and/or for lunch or  supper when reheated with a sprinkling of Parmesan cheese and served with a  few spoonfuls of your favorite pasta sauce. They also work well as an  accompaniment to roast meats. They benefit from reheating; somehow they  become crisper without drying out."  Posted to EAT-L Digest 22 Dec 96    From:    JoAnn <joannr@PCLINK.COM>    Date:    Mon, 23 Dec 1996 17:13:58 -0600