Razorback Carry-Out Chicken
All-purpose flour, Heavy cream, chicken breasts, LIASON, IF NECESSARY, Mushrooms, Salt, Egg yolks, Butter, -(up to), Eggs, shallots, Truffle, puff pastry, frozen, Butter, SAUCE SUPREME, Salt, Sauce bechand, Onion, Oil, -(up to), Heavy cream, Shallots, White wine, 
Saute the shallots (or onion) and mushrooms in the 4 tablespoons butter  until dry. Season with salt and pepper and let then cool a little.     Cut the chicken breasts in half, then cut a pocket in each breast  lengthwise through the center of the breast. Pound the chicken lightly,  then season with salt and pepper. Stuff the center pocket with the truffle  (or mushroom) slices.     Dust the outside of the chicken with a little flour and saute them in  butter or oil until they are just barely cooked. Let them cool.     Roll out 1 package of puff pastry. Cut out 8 circles and place them onto a  floured baking sheet. Place a chicken breast on each circle, and brush the  edges of each circle with the egg wash. Roll out the rest of the dough and  cut out 8 more circles, which should be a little larger than the circle  under thc chicken. Place a circle on top of each chicken breast, and press  the pastry edges together firmly to form a seal. (You can use a fork to  press down the edges.) Paint the top crusts with egg wash.     (The chicken may be prepared up to this point early in the day, and then  refrigeratcd until baking time. Just make sure that the chicken is dry  befoie enclosing it in thc crust, so that the bottom crust will remain  crisp.)     Before serving, bake at 400 degrees until the crust is puffed and brown,  about 30 minutes Serve with Sauce Supreme on the side. Serves 8.     Sauce Supreme: Saute the shallots in the butter until soft. Add the wine,  then the sauce. Season with salt and pepper, and reduce the sauce a little.  Add the heavy cream, and cook until the volume is reduced by half. (At  serving time, you may want to enrich the sauce. Bring it to a boil, add the  liason, and serve immediately.)    ARKANSAS TODAY, CHANNEL 11, KTHV    09/26/1990    "COOKING WITH DON BINGHAM"    From a collection of my mothers (Judy Hosey) recipe box which contained  lots of her favorite recipes, clippings, etc.  Downloaded from Glens MM  Recipe Archive, G Internet.