Ravioli Filled with Porcini Mushrooms and Two Cheeses
Salt, fresh parsley leaves, Unsalted butter, olive oil, water, Fresh pasta dough sheets, Fresh wild mushrooms, Garlic, Heavy cream, Salt and pepper, mozzarella, fresh Parmesan, Dried porcini mushrooms, Shallots, Black Pepper, 
First make the filling: Drain the dried mushrooms, reserving the soaking  liquid, and mince. In a skillet cook the shallots in the oil over moderate  heat, stirring until they are softened. Add the fresh mushrooms and salt  and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, until it is dry. Add  the dried mushrooms and the garlic, cook the mixture, stirring, until it is  dry, and transfer it to a bowl. Add the mozzarella, the Parmesan, and salt  and pepper to taste to the mushroom mixture and stir the filling until it  is well combined. Make the ravioli: Trim the ends of the dough and cut the  dough crosswise into 2 pieces, 1 piece 1 1/2 inches longer than the other.  Put a rounded teaspoon of the mushroom mixture in 2 rows on the shorter  piece, spacing them about 1 inch from the edges and with their centers  about 1 1/2 inches apart. Brush the dough around the filling with water,  put the longer piece of dough on top, and press it gently around the mounds  of filling. With a fluted pastry wheel or knife cut the dough between the  mounds.    Arrange the ravioli in one layer on a baking sheet sprinkled with flour and  let dry one hour.    When ready to cook the ravioli, bring a large pot of salted water to a  boil. Add ravioli and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until it is just  tender, drain it in a colander and transfer it to a large bowl. Then in a  small saucepan melt the butter and add the butter to the ravioli, tossing  to coat it well. Transfer to serving dish. In another saucepan combine the  heavy cream, 1/2 cup of the reserved mushroom soaking liquid, strained  through a double thickness of rinsed and squeezed cheesecloth, and simmer  the mixture, stirring occasionally, until it is slightly thickened. Season  the sauce with salt and pepper to taste. Top the ravioli evenly with the  sauce and sprinkle with the parsley and the Parmesan before serving.    Yield: 4 to 6 servings MONDAY TO FRIDAY PASTA SHOW #PS6519 Copyright, 1997,  TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved MC Format by Gail Shermeyer,  4paws@netrax.net    Recipe by: MONDAY TO FRIDAY PASTA SHOW #PS6519 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest  V1 #511 by 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail) on Mar 11, 1997