Cranberry Orange Anadama Rolls
Cranberry juice, Yellow cornmeal, Unsalted butter; at room, Dark molasses, Dark molasses, Salt, Dry yeast, Warm water, Whole-wheat flour, Cranberries; fresh, whole, Zest of 1 orange; grated, All-purpose flour; up to 5, Egg; lightly beat w/ 1 T, Additional cornmeal for tops, 
In a small saucepan, heat cranberry juice to a simmer and gradually stir in  the cornmeal [whisk constantly to avoid lumps]. Reduce heat to low and stir  the mixture continuously with a wooden spoon [whisk] until the mixture is  thick and smooth like porridge, 5 to 7 minutes [this took more like 10  minutes, and there were still lumps, but they were incorporated when the  dough was mixed together later]. Add 1/3 c of molasses [I used 1/4c] and  the salt and set aside to cool to lukewarm.    Meanwhile, dissolve yeast in lukewarm water in a large mixing bowl for 10  minutes. Stir in the whole wheat flour and the cooled cornmeal mixture.  Place cranberries, orange zest and remaining molasses [I left out this  molasses] in a food processor and pulse several times until berries are  coarsely chopped (or chop by hand). Add to dough mixture and stir  thoroughly. Add the all-purpose flour to make a soft dough. [I added more  than 5 cups and it was still sticky--keep in mind it will stay sticky, and  just add enough to make it manageable.] Knead for 10 minutes until smooth and elastic.   Place in a greased bowl, turn to grease the top, and cover.  Let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours [I put it  in the refrigerator at this point and finished them the next morning].    Punch down and turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Tear off pieces of  the dough and shape into smooth balls, about 2" in diam. Place 2" apart on  lightly greased cookie sheets. Let rise in a warm spot until doubled in  bulk, 30-45 minutes.    Preheat oven to 375F. Brush all over with the egg wash and sprinkle tops  lightly with cornmeal. Bake 20 minutes or until golden brown.    Note: The book says this yields 18 rolls. I made dough balls the size of  golf balls and ended up with about 30 rolls the size of small dinner rolls.  