Rainbow Trout and Scallop Mousse
Dry white wine, Bay scallops, Tarragon Vinegar, Freshly diced ripe tomato, Diced tomato; for garnish, Cooked fresh fettucine;, Ground white pepper, Very cold unsalted butter;, Egg whites, Head Boston lettuce, Salt, Shallots; finely diced, Fresh dill weed; for garnish, Lemon zest, Freshly chopped dill, Butter & poppy seeds; for, Heavy cream; divided, Salt and white pepper to, Butterflied rainbow or red, 
In the bowl of a food processor, combine half of the scallops with the egg  whites and pulse to puree until smooth. Add 2 tablespoons heavy cream, the  salt and pepper and pulse for 30 seconds. Remove from the processor and  place in a bowl. Fold the remaining whole scallops into the puree and  refrigerate.    Whip the remaining cream (1/2 cup less 2 T.) until soft peaks form, fold  this into the scallop mixture, being careful not to deflate the whipped  cream. Gently fold in the lemon zest and the chopped dill and refrigerate  once again.    Bring some water to a boil in a pot into which a bamboo steamer insert will  fit. Line the insert with several leaves of clean lettuce and set aside.    Clean the trout of any remaining bones, remove the tail and head if  desired, and lay the trout, skin side down and opened, on some waxed paper.  Fill each trout neatly and equally with trout mousse by laying the mousse  on top of one fillet. Fold the other fillet over to enclose the filling but  leave an even layer of mousse showing. This can be smoothed over to create  an even and attractive layer that runs the length of the fish.    When the trout have all been filled, place them on the lettuce lined  steamer, put the steamer over the simmering water, lay a few clean lettuce  leaves over the fish and steam gently for 12 to 15 minutes.    While the fish is cooking, combine the white wine, vinegar and shallots in  a saucepan and rapidly reduce over medium heat to 1/4 cup. When the fish  are nearly cooked (as indicated by the doneness of the filling), swirl the  cold butter into the reduced wine, season with salt and pepper and add the  diced tomatoes. Remove from the heat and keep warm.    Serve the fish in a pool of tomato butter and garnish with dill and more  tomato.    Fresh fettuccine pasta, cooked in water and tossed with butter and poppy  seeds makes a good accompaniment.    Yield: 4 to 6 servings    c. Michael Lomonaco 1997 MICHAELS PLACE SHOW ML1B14    Recipe by: Michael Lomonaco    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #808 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Sep 26, 1997