Ravioli San Guiseppe
Butter, diced, FOR FILLING, TO SERVE, Caster sugar, Caster sugar, Finely grated lemon zest, Egg, FOR DOUGH, Pine nut kernels, Icing sugar to dust, Whipped cream or vanilla, Plain flour, sifted, Hot weak China tea, Pinch of salt, No need to soak prunes, Apples, Ice cream., 
Here are some recipes from the Safeway magazine that Ive formatted into  meal master.    To make the dough, put the flour, salt and sugar in a food processor and,  with the machine running at full speed, add the butter until incorporated.  Then add the egg and lemon zest and process for a few seconds until a soft  dough has formed. Scrape the dough onto a sheet of clingfilm, then form  into a cylinder and chill for at least 1 hour. To make the filling, sweeten  the tea with 2 tspn sugar and soak the prunes in it. Peel, core and slice  the apples. Put the rest of the sugar in a large pan with 2 tbsp water.  Heat gently, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Add the  apple slices. Increase the heat to medium and cook, without stirring, until  the apples are candied (approx. 20 mins). Most of the liquid will evaporate  leaving a thick syrup. Drain and chop the prunes and add to the pan with  the pine nut kernels. Remove from the heat, cool slightly then transfer to  a bowl and leave to cool. Preheat the oven to 180C (350F). To assemble  the ravioli, cut a slice off the end of the dough cylinder and roll out on  a floured surface. Use a 3 inch cutter to cut out a neat circle. Repeat  using the rest of the dough to make approx. 20 circles. Place a small  spoonful of the filling on each circle. Brush the edges with a little water  and fold over to make a half circle. Crimp the edges to seal firmly. Place  all the ravioli on a greased baking sheet and bake for 10-15 minutes or  until light golden. Cool slightly and dust with icing sugar and serve with  cream or ice cream.  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #326    Date: Thu, 28 Nov 1996 15:28:59 +0000    From: Susan Taft <jr03@dial.pipex.com>