Ratatouille-Stuffed New Potatoes
Olive oil; divided, Yellow onion; finely chopped, Garlic, Balsamic vinegar, Eggplant; peeled and cut in, Plum tomatoes; peeled and, Small new red potatoes;, Black Pepper, Salt, Grated Parmesan, Fresh Basil, Red bell peppers; seeded,, 
1. Preheat oven to 475F. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet in the  middle of the oven. Bake 45 to 50 minutes, until tender and slightly crisp;  test with a knife or skewer. Remove and let cool. Leave the oven set at  475F.    2. Meanwhile, make the filling: In large frying pan over medium heat, warm  remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add onion and saute, stirring  frequently, about 5 minutes, or until translucent. Add eggplant and cook 5  to 7 minutes, stirring, until it begins to soften. Add bell pepper and  cook, stirring, 5 minutes longer. Add tomatoes, garlic, basil and vinegar,  and continue cooking 5 to 10 minutes longer, or until the liquid evaporates  and eggplant is soft. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.    3. Cut each potato in half crosswise. If bottoms are uneven, cut off a thin  slice so they will stand upright once filled. Scoop out most of the pulp  from each half, leaving only a thin shell; reserve inner pulp for another  use. Return the potato shells to the baking sheet, hollow sides down, and  brush the skins with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Bake 10 to 15 minutes,  until crisp. Remove from oven and reduce the oven temperature to 425F.    4. Sprinkle the insides of the potato shells with some of the Parmesan  cheese. Spoon in the filling and place on an ungreased baking sheet.  Sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Bake 10 to 15 minutes, or until heated  through. Serve immediately.    Per side-dish serving: About 222 cal, 6 g pro, 33 g car, 9 g fat, 33% cal  from fat, 3 mg chol, 533 mg sod, 6 g fiber    Busted by Gail Shermeyer <4paws@netrax.net>    Recipe by: Womans Day Low-Fat Meals, Summer 97    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #896 by 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail) on  Nov 09, 1997