Raspberry Gift Box
(4-serving size) -or-, RASPBERRY SAUCE, (10-oz) Birds Eye quick thaw, (8 ounces) Cool Whip whipped, Ice cubes, Frosted cranberries, Cornstarch, Cran-raspberry juice, Boiling water, (8-serving size) Jell-O, Gumdrop ribbon (optional), 
DISSOLVE gelatin in boiling water.  Combine cran-raspberry juice and ice  cubes to make 1-3/4 cups. Add to gelatin, stirring until ice is melted  Chill until slightly thickened. Fold in whipped topping. Pour into 9x5-inch  loaf pan. Chill until firm, about 4 hours.     PREPARE Raspberry Sauce, Gumdrop Ribbon and Frosted Cranberries, if  desired.     UNMOLD gelatin mixture onto serving plate.  Cut Gumdrop Ribbon into 2  (10X1-inch) strips and 1 (5X1-inch) strip. Place strips on raspberry loaf,  piecing strips together as necessary, to resemble ribbon. Cut 7 (3X1-inch)  strips; form into bow.  Place on gumdrop ribbon . Decorate with Frosted  Cranberries. Serve with Raspberry Sauce.     MAKES 8 servings GUMDROP RIBBON:    1. Line up gumdrops in a row on surface or sheet of waxed paper sprinkled  with sugar. Flatten into long strips with rolling pin, turning frequently  to coat with sugar.    2. Cut flattened gumdrops with sharp knife into 1-inch strips.    3. To make bow, fold over four strips to form loops of the bow; place on  dessert. Then place a small loop in center to cover center of bow. Cut  "Vs" at one end of remaining two strips, if desired; place under loops to  resemble ends of ribbon. FROSTED FRUITS: Use fresh cranberries or green or  red seedless grapes. Dip fruit into lightly beaten egg white. (NOTE: Use  only clean eggs with no cracks in shell.) Hold to permit excess white to  drain off; roll in sugar in flat plate to coat well. Place on tray covered  with waxed paper. Let stand until dry. RASPBERRY SAUCE:     PLACE raspberries in food processor or blender; cover.  Process until  smooth; strain to remove seeds.  Combine cornstarch with small amount of  the raspberries in medium saucepan; add remaining raspberries. Bring to  boil over medium heat, stirring constantly; boil 1 minute. Chill.     MAKES 2 cups, Prep time: 30 minutes, Chill time: 4 hours    From <Favorite Recipes: Jell-O Easy Entertaining>.  Downloaded from Glens  MM Recipe Archive, G Internet.