Raviola
Garlic, Bunch spinach -or-, Salt, Boiling salted water, FILLING, Pork chops; cut 1/2 inch, Parsley; finely chopped, Dry Basil, Rosemary; Thyme, And Salt, Grated Romano or Parmesan, Can (1 Ib. 12 oz.) tomatoes, Pepper, Eggs, Dry Rosemary; Thyme, And, Frozen chopped spinach; (10, Grated Romano Or Parmesan, olive oil, Cloves garlic; minced or, Butter, Tomato puree; (15 oz.), Recipe All-Purpose Pasta, SAUCE, Onion, Topping, Boneless beef chuck; cut 1/2, Sprigs parsley, Ground chuck, DOUGH, olive oil, Water, 
To prepare filling, cut pork from bones (reserve bones for sauce). Trim  excess fat and gristle from pork and beef. Cut meat into 2-inch squares.  Heat oil in a wide frying pan over medium-high heat. Add meat and cook  until browned on both sides. Peel whole garlic and add to meat along with  parsley, rosemary, thyme, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to low and cook,  uncovered, stirring occasionally, until pork is no longer pink when slashed  (about 10 minutes).    While meat is cooking, cook fresh spinach in 1/2- inch of boiling water for  5 minutes (cook frozen spinach according to package directions); drain.  When cool enough to handle press spinach with your hands to remove as much  water a possible. Melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add spinach  and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Using a food processor or the finest  blade of a meat grinder very finely chop meat mixture. Finely chop spinach  as well but do not puree. Combine, meat and spinach. (At this point you may  cover and refrigerate until next day, let mixture come to room temperature  before continuing.) Beat 1 egg and stir into meat mixture along with  cheese. If mixture seems stiff, beat another egg and stir into mixture. Set  aside.    To prepare sauce, cook meat in 1 tablespoon of the oil in a wide frying pan  over medium high heat until crumbly and browned. Transfer meat to a Dutch  oven. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to frying pan. Add onion, garlic,  and bones (reserved when making the filling). Cook, stirring, until onion  is limp. Add parsley, basil, rosemary, thyme, pepper, and salt; cook for 1  minute. Spoon onion mixture over meat. Add tomato puree to meat. Strain  tomato liquid to remove seeds, then add liquid to meat. Slit tomatoes,  squeeze out seeds, chop, and add to meat. Stir in water. Bring sauce to a  boil, then cover, reduce heat, and simmer. stirring occasionally, for 2  hours or until sauce is thickened. Set aside. Or, if made ahead, cool,  cover, and refrigerate (or freeze for longer storage). Roll out pasta dough  and fill ravioli.    Cook according to directions that follow. Or transfer to floured cookie  sheets and freeze until firm. then transfer to plastic bags for longer  storage in freezer. To cook. drop freshly made or frozen ravioli into a  large kettle of boiling salted water and boil gently, stirring  occasionally. until tender (10 to 12 minutes); then drain. While ravioli  are cooking, heat sauce. Allow 3/4, to 1 cup sauce for every 50 ravioli.  Ladle ravioli into a serving bowl and spoon sauce over top. Sprinkle with  Romano cheese before serving. Makes about 200 1-inch ravioli.    Recipe by: Sunset Pasta    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #855 by "Max H. Mitchell"  <mmitch-fay@worldnet.att.net> on Oct 21, 1997