Raspberry-Peach Mousse Eclairs Pt 1
Heavy cream, Salt, Cold water, Granulated sugar, Swiss white chocolate, RASPBERRY SAUCE, Water, fresh, unflavored powdered, Frozen raspberries, Granulated sugar, Chambord liqueur, All-Purpose Flour, GARNISH, frozen raspberries, Eggs, RASPBERRY-PEACH MOUSSE, Unsalted butter, Lemon zest, Chambord liqueur, ECLAIR DOUGH, 
YIELD: 8 eclairs DIFFICULTY: ** PREPARATION: 2 hours plus cooking, baking,  cooling and chilling times.    Make the eclairs:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.  Line two baking sheets with baking parchment.    2.In a glass measuring cup, stir the eggs with a fork until blended. Pour  approximately 2 tablespoons of the egg mixture into a small cup, leaving  1/2 cup of the egg mixture in the measuring cup.    3.In a medium heavy saucepan, combine the water, butter and salt. Over  medium heat, stirring occasionally, heat the water mixture until the butter  has melted. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring the mixture to a  boil. Remove the pan from the heat.    4.Using a wire whisk, stir in the flour. Whisk vigorously for 20 to 30  seconds, until the mixture is smooth and pulls away from the side of the  pan. Return the pan to the heat and stirring constantly with a wooden  spoon, cook for 30 to 60 seconds, until the paste forms a very smooth ball.  Stir in the lemon zest. Transfer the paste to a large bowl.    5.Pour the reserved 1/2 cup of beaten eggs over the paste and beat  vigorously with a wooden spoon for 45 to 60 seconds, until the mixture  forms a smooth, soft dough. The dough should hold its shape when scooped up  with a spoon but be soft enough to slowly slide off the spoon when tilted.  If the dough does not slide off the spoon, add 1/2 tablespoon of the  reserved egg mixture, beat until smooth and retest the dough with a spoon.  The remaining 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons of egg will be used to glaze the tops  of the eclairs before they are baked.    6.Fill a pastry bag fitted with a 5/16-inch plain tip (such as Ateco #3)  with the eclair dough. Pipe 4 1/2-inch strips approximately 1/2-inch wide  on the prepared baking sheets, leaving about 1 1/2 inches between eclairs.  Dip your finger in some of the remaining beaten egg and gently smooth down  any "tails" left from piping. Lightly brush the tops of the eclairs with  more of the egg.    7.Bake the eclairs, one baking sheet at a time, for 10 minutes, propping  the oven door open about 2 inches with the handle of a wooden spoon. Reduce  the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and close the oven door. Continue  baking the eclairs for 20 to 25 minutes, until they are a deep golden  brown. Transfer the eclairs to a wire rack and cool completely. The eclairs  may be prepared up to this point and stored in an airtight container at  room temperature for one day or in the freezer for up to one month.    Make the raspberry-peach mousse filling:    1.Place the cold water in a small cup. Sprinkle the gelatin over the water  and let it stand for 5 minutes to soften the gelatin.    2.In a small saucepan combine 1/2 cup of the cream and the sugar and cook  over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture comes to a gentle  boil. Add the softened gelatin to the hot cream and whisk until the gelatin  is completely dissolved.    3.In a food processor fitted with the metal chopping blade, process the  white chocolate for 10 to 15 seconds, until finely chopped. Add the hot  cream mixture through the feed tube and process the white chocolate mixture  until completely smooth. Add the thawed raspberries and Chambord and  process until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl and    continued in part 2