Ravioli Dolci (Sweet Ravioli)
Granulated sugar, Confectioners sugar, PASTRY DOUGH, Lemon, grated zest of, Egg, Chilled sweet Marsala wine, FILLING, Unbleached all-purpose flour, Whole milk ricotta, (1 stick) unsalted butter, TO COMPLETE THE DISH, Imported Amarene Fabbri,, Granulated sugar, 
Here is the recipe for Ravioli Dolci. It is from Biba Caggianos Trattoria  Cooking:    Emilia-Romagna is known throughout the world for its delicious stuffed  pasta. This is a region that stuffs not only pasta, but deserts. Zia Rina,  the oldest aunt I have left in Bologna, is a sprightly,  ninety-three-year-old, seemingly feeble woman who still makes an occasional  batch of tortellini by hand and, at Christmastime, she stills rolls out the  dough for ravioli dolci, which she stuffs with good, thick plum jam.    These delicious ravioli (or raviole as they are called in Bologna) can also  be stuffed with a variety of other ingredients such as the ones I had at  Trattoria Lo Sterlino in bologna, which were filled with ricota mixed with  chopped amarene, imported cherries in heavy syrup.    (NOTE: Amarene or amarena are wild Italian cherries in heavy syrup that are  imported from Italy. These delicious large black cherries are quite popular  in Northern Italy and are often served over ice cream or incorporated into  desserts. They are available in specialty Italian markets and gourmet  stores.)    Prepare the pastry dough, in a medium sized bowl or food processor fitted  with the metal blade, mix the flour with the butter until crumbly. Add the  egg, sugar, and wine and mix, pulsing the machine on and off, until the  dough is loosely gathered around the blade or until it sticks together and  can be assembled easily into a ball. Wrap it in plastic wrap and  refridgerate for a few hours.    In a medium sized bowl combine the ricotta with the sugar and lemon zest.  Fold in the amerene. refrigerate until ready to use. Preheat the oven to      350    degrees F.    Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil or parchment paper. On a lightly  floured wooden board or other surface, roll out the dough to pie-dough  thickness. With a large glass or round cookie cutter, cut the dough into  3-4 inch circles. Put about 1 teaspoon of filling in the center of each  circle of dough. Fold each circle in half over the filling, and press the  edges of the dough firmly to seal. Line the raviolion the cookie sheet and  bake until golden, 15 or 20 minutes.    Serve the ravioli warm or at room temperature, sprinkled with  confectioners sugar.    Makes approximately 25 or 30 ravioli; 10 to 12 servings    TIPS: make sure to completely seal the ravioli or some of the filling might  leak out during baking.    filling the ravioli will be much faster if you use a pastry bag.    Id like to try serving these on top of a fruit puree of some kind or maybe  on top of some Zabaione    Posted to FOODWINE Digest 30 Dec 96    From:    Duncan <duncan@VIANET.ON.CA>    Date:    Mon, 30 Dec 1996 20:15:11 -0500