Zuppa Di Pane (Bread Soup) (Hl)
Pepper, Water, Celery stalks; diced small, Salt, Carrots; diced small, Chopped fresh basil, Onion, Loaf stale italian bread;, Swiss chard or spinach, Plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, Tomato paste, Chopped fresh italian, Dried cannellini beans, 
Soak the beans overnight in a large bowl with enough water to cover by 2  inches. Drain the beans and run them under cool water. Place the drained  beans in a large pot with the he 3 quarts of water over high heat. Add the  salt, 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper, and the 3 tablespoons of olive oil to the  water; bring to a boil then lower the heat and cook the beans about 1 hour  or until tender. Remove a third of the beans and reserve for garnish; leave  the remaining beans in their cooking water.    Remove the stems of the Swiss chard and finely julienne. Reserve the  leaves. Add the Swiss chard stems, onion, carrots, celery, tomato paste and  the remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper to the cooked beans. Bring to a boil and  cover. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook for about an hour or until  the vegetables and beans are very tender.    Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit. Slice the Italian  bread and brush it with the remaining 1/4 cup olive oil. Place on a baking  sheet and toast in the oven until golden brown.    Remove the center rib from the reserved Swiss chard leaves and cut each  leaf into eighths.    When the soup is ready, ladle the hot mixture into the blender and puree.  (It should have a thick, winter-soup consistency; if too thick, add some  boiling water.) Mix in the parsley, basil, reserved beans and cut-up Swiss  chard leaves. Adjust the seasoning to taste.    Place 2 slices of toasted bread in each serving bowl, ladle the soup on top  and serve immediately.    Yield: 6 first course servings, or 4 as a main dish    Nutritional information: Calories: 557, Fat: 15 grams.    Recipe courtesy of Chef David Ruggerio and "Little Italy Cookbook"    Recipe by: RECIPE FOR HEALTH SHOW #RHJ037    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #844 by 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail) on  Oct 13, 1997