Zuppa Di Verdura Stufata (Summer Minestrone)
Sprigs fresh oregano, (3 to, Carrot, Bay leaf, Sprig fresh rosemary, Dried hot red chile pepper,, Stalk celery, chopped in, Or 2 medium potatoes, Eggplant (1 or 2 small, Zucchini, cubed, Ripe red tomatoes, peeled, Coarsely chopped flat-leaf, Sea salt, Red or yellow bell peppers, Onion, coarsely chopped, Green beans, sliced in, Extra virgin olive oil, plus, (1 bunch) fresh green or red, 
Cut the eggplant in 1-inch cubes. Place the cubes in a colander, sprinkling  them liberally with salt. Weigh the eggplant with a can set on a small  plate and set the colander in the sink to drain for at least 1 hour. Then  rinse the cubes thoroughly and pat dry with paper towels.    Cut the potatoes and carrot into cubes the same size as the eggplant. Cut  the peppers in half lengthwise, discard the seeds and inner white  membranes, and slice thinly.    Add the oil to a big heavy saucepan or rondeau large enough to hold all the  vegetables and place over medium-high heat. Quickly saute the eggplant and  potato cubes for about 5 minutes, or until they just start to brown along  the edges. Stir in the onion and celery, lower the heat to medium-low, and  continue cooking and stirring until the onion softens and starts to turn  golden. Add the carrot, chard, green beans, and peppers and stir to combine  everything well.    Add 1/2 cup hot water to the vegetables in the pan, cover, and cook  together for about 5 minutes, then stir in the chopped tomatoes, zucchini,  and the aromatics, together with the hot pepper if desired. Add a pinch of  salt, cover tightly, and cook for 30 minutes, adding a very little water  from time to time if necessary. Remove oregano sprigs, bay leaf, and  rosemary sprig before serving. Garnish each serving with a thin drizzle of  olive oil.    Stufata means a cooking technique similar to a braise, in which the  ingredients are cooked in little or no water; the juices from the  vegetables themselves serve to give the soup its requisite "soupiness."  This makes a very thick soup that should be served immediately, otherwise  the vegetables absorb the small amount of liquid and it becomes more like a  ciambotta, still delicious but no longer really a soup.    Excerpted from FLAVORS OF PUGLIA, by Nancy Harmon Jenkins. Copyright ? 1997  by Nancy Harmon Jenkins. Excerpted by permission of Broadway Books, a  division of the Bantam Doubleday Dell Publishing Group, Inc. All rights  reserved.    Recipe by: FLAVORS OF PUGLIA, by Nancy Harmon Jenkins Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #667 by Rooby <MsRooby@sprintmail.com> on Jul 12, 1997