Zucchini, Leek, and Chevre Tart in Wild Rice Crust
Fresh Lemon Juice, Unsalted butter, Zucchini; coarsely grated, Thinly sliced leek;include, Salt, Black Pepper, Salt, CUSTARD FILLING, Egg, Whipping cream, WILD RICE CRUST, Unsalted butter; melted, Cooked wild rice, Eggs, Dijon mustard, Chopped fresh marjoram or, Grated Parmesan cheese,, Black Pepper, Crumbled chevre cheese, 
A zucchini quiche but the crust is made with a crunchy wild rice; try  Wehani.  Its a satisfying counterpoint to the creamy French custard  filling. Allow time to cook and cool the rice. Preheat an oven to 350F.  [PATh 12 Oc 96 Mc-Recipe]    To make the crust, beat the egg, cheese, lemon juice, and melted butter  together in a howl. Stir in the cooked rice, season to taste with salt and  pepper, transfer to a 9-inch pie pan, and press with your fingertips to  cover bottom and sides evenly . Bake until set and crisp, about 15 minutes.  Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. (Or  cover and refrigerate as long as overnight; return to room temperature  before filling.)    Meanwhile, make the filling. Place the squash in a colander set over a bowl  or in a sink. Generously sprinkle with salt, mix with your fingertips to  distribute the salt, and let stand for 30 minutes. Gather squash in your  hand and gently squeeze to release any additional surface moisture.  Reserve.    Heat the butter in a saute pan or skillet over medium-high heat, add the  leek, and saute until soft, about 5 minutes Add the drained squash and  saute about 5 minutes longer; reserve.    In a bowl, combine the eggs, cream, mustard, cheese, marjoram, and salt and  pepper to taste and whisk to blend well. Stir in the leek and squash  mixture, pour into the rice shell, and bake in the 350F oven until filling  is set and the top is golden, about 30 to 35 minutes. Serve hot or at room  temperature.    [PATh 12 Oc 96 Mc-Recipe]  Recipe By     : James McNairs (1989) Squash    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #243    Date: Sat, 12 Oct 1996 18:54:22 -0700 (PDT)    From: patH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>