Winter Fruit Pandowdy
Peeled sliced ripe pear, (1, Vegetable shortening, All-purpose flour, Fresh Lemon Juice, Pear nectar, Ground nutmeg, Fresh Lemon Juice, Skim milk, Dried cranberries, Sugar, Ground cinnamon, Salt, Peeled sliced Granny Smith, Vegetable cooking spray, Ice water, Sugar, Ground cinnamon, 
Combine first 3 ingredients in a bowl; toss well. Combine cranberries and  next 3 ingredients; stir well. Add to apple mixture, and toss well.    Place fruit mixture in an 8-inch square baking dish coated with cooking  spray. Pour pear nectar over fruit mixture.    Combine flour and salt in a bowl. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender  until mixture resembles coarse meal.    Combine ice water and 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice. Sprinkle ice water  mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, over surface of flour mixture, and toss  with a fork until dry ingredients are moistened. Gently press dough into a  4-inch square on heavy-duty plastic wrap, and cover with additional plastic  wrap.    Roll the dough, still covered, into an 8-1/4-inch square. Place dough in  freezer 5 minutes or until plastic wrap can be easily removed.    Remove plastic wrap; place dough on top of fruit mixture. Cut slits in top  to allow steam to escape. Brush dough with milk. Combine the remaining  ingredients, and sprinkle over dough.    Bake at 400 deg for 30 minutes; remove from oven. Score pastry into 1-inch  squares, using a sharp knife; gently press pastry into fruit mixture with a  spatula, allowing juices to moisten top of pastry.    Bake an additional 20 minutes or until lightly browned and bubbly. Yield: 6  servings (serving size: 1 cup).    Per serving: 224 Calories; 6g Fat (23% calories from fat); 2g Protein; 43g  Carbohydrate; 3mg Cholesterol; 48mg Sodium    Serving Ideas : Serve warm with frozen yogurt.    NOTES : A pandowdy is similar to a cobbler. The difference is that halfway  through baking, the crust is scored and pressed into the fruit, a process  called "dowdying."    Recipe by: Cooking Light, Nov/Dec 1993, page 146    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #402 by igor@digex.net on Jan 28, 1997.