Yummy Cabbage Rolls
Tofu; crumbled, Tomato paste, Tomatoes, canned; with their, Basil, Cloves, Thyme, olive oil, Cinnamon, Celery seed, Sauerkraut, Tamari, Brown rice; cooked, ;water; boiling, Celery stalk; chopped, Cabbage, Nuts; chopped, 
Cut the core out of the cabbage and discard it.Place the cabbage, stem end  down, in a large kettle. Place about 1 inchof water in the bottom of the  ketle. Cover and bring the water to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and  steam the cabbage for about 10 minutes.     Remove the cabbage and let it cool for easier handling. Save the remaining  water for use in soups or stews, if desired.     While the cabbage cools, drop the crumbled tofu into the 6-8 cups boiling  water. Bring the water back to a boil andlet the tofu cook for 1 minute.  Drain the tofu through a colander lined with a clean dishtowel. Run cold  water over the tofu to cool it off for easier handling. Twist the towel  containing the tofu and pres sit to squeeze out the excess water. The  pressed tofu should have a firm, ground-beef-like texture. Set the tofu  aside while you prepare the remaining ingredients.     Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the onion, celery, herbs and  spices. Saute until the onions begin to get tender. Add the pressed tofu to  the sasuteed vegetables and stir over medium heat for a couple of minutes.  Add the tamari, tomato paste, rice, and nuts.   Mix well and remove from heat.     Carefully peel the leaves away from the steamed cabbage. Inside each of  teh larger leaves, palce one small leaf. Cut away the thick, tough part of  the leaves.     Drop one heaping tablespoon of the tofu-rice filling into the center of  each small leaf. Fold both the top and the bottom of the large leaf over  the filling, then fold the two sides over the seam. Palce the cabbage rolls  seam side down on your table or countertop.     Mix together the tomatoes and sauerkraut and place half of the mixture in  the bottom of a large, shallow baking dish or in two 7- x 11-inch baking  dishes. Set the cabbage rolls seam side down on top of the  tomato-sauerkraut mixture over the cabbage rolls.     Cover the baking dish(es) with aluminum foil and bake at 350 deg for 45-60  minuts, oruntil the cabbage is tender. Uncover the cabbage rolls during the  last 10 minutes of baking.     From the files of DEEANNE