Zasu Pitts Chocolate Dipped Fondant
Boiling water, Dipping/coating chocolate,, Cream of tartar, CHOCOLATE-DIPPED FONDANT, BASIC FONDANT, Shave into small pie, Sugar, Basic Fondant, 
BASIC FONDANT-Heat water to boiling in 2- to 3-quart saucepan and  remove from heat. Add sugar and cream of tartar. Stir with wooden  spoon until all sugar dissolves, 6 to 8 minutes, taking care not to  splash mixture on sides of pan. Place syrup mixture over medium-high  heat. Heat almost to boiling. Cover pan tightly with lid and remove  from heat. Let stand 3 minutes. Uncover, return to heat and boil  briskly. Do not move pan or stir during this time. While syrup cooks,  wash any crystals that form on sides of pan by wrapping damp cloth  around tines of fork and wiping crystals out with upward motion so  that no crystals fall back into syrup. Continue cooking until syrup  reaches soft-ball stage, exactly 238~ on candy thermometer, about 35  minutes. Remove from heat and let stand very few minutes, or just  until bubbles disappear. At once, pour onto marble slab or large,  shallow platter. Do not scrape pan. Let cool undisturbed until slab  or bottom of platter feels comfortably cool to palm of hand (about  105 degrees), about 50 minutes. Now start turning edges of candy in  toward center, using spatula or wooden spoon.  As candy turns creamy  and crumbly, gather mixture up in your hands and knead as you would  bread until you get a smooth, white ball of fondant. Wrap fondant in  plastic and store in glass jar covered with tight lid.  Let fondant  mellow 24 hours to 3 days. Remove fondant ball from jar and form into  small balls. Makes about 3/4 pound.    CHOCOLATE-DIPPED FONDANT-Place chocolate in top part of double  boiler. In lower part, place enough warm water (100 to 120~) to touch  top pan. Keep water temperature constant. Melting chocolate takes  time. Do not hurry. When chocolate is softened, remove top of double  boiler from water and stir vigorously until smallest lumps are all  worked out. This creaming develops chocolate texture; it must be  repeated often throughout dipping. Exchange warm water for cooler  water (85~) in bottom of double boiler. Make sure chocolate does not  come in contact with steam or water, even trace can spoil it. Pour 1  c chocolate onto marble slab or into small bowl. Work back and forth  with fingers until chocolate feels cool, 83~ is perfect. (Knowing  when chocolate is cool comes with practice. To test, let it string  from tip of hand into melted chocolate. If it holds ruffly appearance  on surface for a few seconds,    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip