Yule Log
Eggs, Butter, MOCHA BUTTERCREAM FROSTING, Cake Flour, Powdered sugar, Baking Powder, Vanilla, Vegetable oil, Almond extract, Sugar, Cocoa, strong coffee, brewed, Mocha Buttercream Frosting, powdered sugar, cocoa, holly, Salt, 
Brush bottom and sides of a 15x10 inch jellyroll pan with vegetable oil;  line with wax paper, and oil and flour wax paper. Set aside.    Beat egg yolks at high speed with an electric mixer until thick and pale;  gradually add 1/4 cup sugar, beating constantly. Add 1 Tablespoon oil and  almond extract, stirring well.    Beat egg whites until foamy; gradually add remaining 1/2 cup sugar, beating  until stiff but not dry. Fold into yolk mixture.    Combine flour, baking powder, and salt; gradually fold into egg mixture.  Spread batter evenly into prepared pan.    Bake at 350 for 8 minutes or until center of cake springs back when  touched.    Sift powdered sugar in a 15x10 inch rectangle on a cloth towel. When cake  is done, immediately loosen from sides of pan, and turn out onto towel.  Carefully peel of wax paper. Starting ant narrow end, roll cake and towel  together, jelly roll fashion; cool completely on a wire rack, seam side  down.    Unroll cake, spread with 1 cup Mocha Buttercream Frosting and carefully  reroll without towel. Place, seam side down, on a serving plate. Spread  remaining frosting over cake. Diagonally cut a 1 inch slice from 1 end of  cake, and place against top center of cake to resemble the knot of a tree.  Score frosting with fork tines to resemble bark. Chill at least 1 hour.  Garnish, if desired. Makes 8-10 servings.    Mocha Buttercream Frosting: Beat butter at medium speed with an electric  mixer until creamy; add powdered sugar, cocoa, 1/4 cup coffee, and vanilla,  beating well. Add enough remaining coffee to reach desired spreading  consistency. Makes 2 1/2 cups.    Suggested Wine: t    Serving Ideas : c    Recipe by: Southern Living Recipes Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #643 by  L979@aol.com on Jun 11, 1997