Zebra Cheesecake
White chocolate, Eggs, Chocolate wafer crumbs; 30, Semisweet chocolate chips;, Mint leaves, Sour cream, Maraschino cherries, Cream cheese, Semisweet chocolate square;, Sweetened whipped cream, Butter or Margarine, Cornstarch, Heavy cream, Vanilla extract, Salt, 
This recipe calls for 1 1/2 cup heavy cream in ingredients but only 1 cup  in directions. 12 squares of chocolate but only 8 in directions. The  instructions for using the other 1/2 cup cream and 4 squares of chocolate  are missing but I think it was probably to use for an icing.    Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9x3 springform pan. In bowl, mix  chocolate wafer crumbs and butter; firmly press onto bottom of springform  pan. Bake crust 12-15 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with chocolate  chips or pieces. Let stand several minutes until chocolate pieces are  softened then spread evenly over crust. Refrigerate while preparing  filling. In large bowl, with mixer at medium speed, beat cream cheese until  light and fluffy. In small bowl, mix sugar, cornstarch and salt; gradually  beat into cream cheese until well blended. With mixer at low speed,  gradually beat in eggs, sour cream, vanilla and one cup of heavy cream  until mixture is blended and smooth. Divide batter evenly into two large  measuring cups or other containers with spouts. In small saucepan over low  heat, melt 8 squares of semi-sweet chocolate. In another saucepan over very  low heat, melt white chocolate. Stir melted semi-sweet chocolate into  batter in one portion of the batter and the white chocolate into the other  batter portion. To create the "zebra" design, pour half of dark batter into  the springform pan crust. Holding white batter at least 2 feet about pan,  or even better is to stand on a chair and pour from 4-5 feet away, pour  about half of batter directly inot center of dark batter. (pouring from  this distance will cause batter in center of cake to be pushed toward edge  of pan, forming zebra designs) Repeat this pouring procedure 3 times,  decreasing the amount of batter each time and pouring from high above pan  only into center of the batter, ending with white batter. Top of cake  should look like a series of concentric circles. Bake Cheesecake for 30  minutes at 350 then turn oven to 225 degrees and bake 1 hour and 45 minutes  longer until center is set. Turn oven off and let cheesecake remain in the  oven for 1 hour. Remove from oven then run thin-bladed knife around edges  of cheesecake to loosen from sides of pan. Cool cake in pan on a wire rack.  Refrigerate cheesecake at least 6 hours before serving.    Posted on GEnies Food & Wine RT by J.MERRILL1 [Jody] on 10/24/93    MM by QBTOMM and Sue Woodward (S.WOODWARD/GEnie; 72772,2247/CIS;  SWOODWARD/NVN)    Posted to MasterCook Digest V1 #280 by teech <teech@concentric.net> on Aug  23, 1997