Zuo Zong-Tang or La-Jiao Zi Ji
Rice wine or dry sherry, Cornstarch (corn flour), Oil; approx, Cornstarch, Egg white, Whole chicken breast; 2 1/2, Sesame oil, FRYING, Fresh or dried red peppers, SEASONINGS, -(up to), Finely chopped garlic, Soy sauce, 3 cups when boned and cut, Vinegar, HEAT, Soy sauce, Salt, Finely chopped fresh ginger, MARINADE, 
Also from my favourite Szechwan cookery book is this recipe inspired by  (General?) Tso:    Preparation:    1. Mix marinade ingredients in order and stir in chicken pieces. Leave at  least 10 mins.    2. De-seed peppers and cut longwise into thin shreds. If using dried ones -  soak first.    3. Chop ginger and garlic as finely as possible.    4. Mix seasonings in order.    To cook:    1. Stir fry the drained chicken in the (very hot) oil for 30 secs. or until  white. Remove and drain.    2. Remove oil leaving only 3 Tbss. Reheat until hot, then add pepper ginger  and garlic. [There is a warning at the top of this recipe not to char the  peppers. They are supposed to be bright red and only lightly cooked -cb.]  When you notice the aroma of the garlic and ginger (10 - 15 secs.), add the  prefried chicken pieces. Stir the Seasonings and add them to the wok. Stir,  and when everything is well mixed, remove to a serving bowl and serve hot.  Dont forget the beer. Story: Tso Tsung-tang [Warning! Do not attempt to  say this with your mouth full of rice!-cb], whose name is included in this  dish, was a regional leader of Szechwan during the Tung-chih Restoration  (1862-1874). His role in the supression of the Nien (1853-1868) and  Northwest Moslem rebellions (1862-1873) has made him an extremely unpopular  figure in the Peoples Republic of China. So there, as in Hong-Kong, this  dish is known as La-jiao Zi Ji, which means "Chicken with Red Peppers".    Cameron,   a.k.a. -  BEGG.4@OSU.EDU  (614) 292 4429 Voicemail or FAX    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.