Dilled Acorn Squash
Acorn Squash; peeled and, Salt to taste, Green Onions; sliced,, Butter or margarine, Low-fat Sour Cream, Whole Milk, Black Pepper, Dillweed, 
Today the Cook and Kitchen Staff are finally offering you our last recipe  featuring the squash. The Acorn squash is a very flavorful variety, but we  must leave it now as we prepare to move on tomorrow to Death-by- Pumpkin  Week.    So far, weve complemented the savory goodness of a variety of Winter  Squash with ham, apples, onions, ground beef, and more. We hope weve  motivated you to revisit this age-old and often-ignored vegetable that  makes a wonderful addition to your dinnertime activities.    Todays herbed essence may surprise you a bit. This recipe perfectly  illustrates the many means by which you may enhance and complement this  delicately flavored vegetable, the Winter Squash.    Cook cubed Acorn squash in lightly salted boiling water in a large pot over  medium-high heat for about 10 minutes, or until just tender. Drain well and  keep warm in the same cooking pot to finish cooking.    Lightly saute green onions in butter or margarine in a small skillet over  medium heat. Blend in sour cream, milk, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring  the mixture just to the boil, making sure to stir constantly.    Place about a one-cup portion of the cooked squash on 4 serving plates. Top  each service with a generous portion of the sour cream sauce and a dash of  the dillweed. Serve warm.  Kitchen Staff Tips: You may elect to prepare todays recipe in advance of  your meal. To do so, simply follow the recipe as directed, except pour the  sauce into the pot with the cubed squash and mash. Place the mixture in an  oven-proof baking dish and refrigerate to store. Re-heat the squash in a  350-F degree pre-heated oven for about 30 minutes, until warmed through.  Sprinkle the top with the dillweed and serve warm as a fantastic side dish.  This method of preparation is particularly appealing to those of you who  may prefer your squash to be most thoroughly cooked.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 18, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.