Zucchini-And-Basil Filo
Salt, Zucchini, Unsalted butter; melted, Feta cheese, crumbled, Pepper, Parsley, minced, White wine or water, Virgin olive oil, Chopped basil, Eggs, Parmesan, grated, Pine nuts, Red onion, Garlic, Frozen filo pastry, 
PREHEAT OVEN TO 350F. Remove filo pastry from freezer and let it come to  room temperature while you prepare the filling. Unfold the dough, and cut  the stack of sheets in two. If you are making just one recipe, refold half  the dough, and wrap it in plastic. It can either be refrozen or kept for a  few days in the refrigerator. Cover the sheets to be used with a sheet of  waxed paper covered in turn with a damp kitchen towel, to keep them from  becoming dry and brittle. Grate the zucchini on the large holes of a hand  grater or in a food processor. Toss with the salt and set aside for 30  minutes. Then drain and squeeze dry in a clean kitchen towel. Roast the  pine nuts for 5-to-8 minutes in oven, chop them finely, and set them aside.  Heat the olive oil in a large skillet and saute the onion until it begins  to soften, about 2 minutes. Add the zucchini, season with freshly ground  black pepper, and cook another 4 minutes; then add the garlic, basil,  parsley and white wine or water. Cover for 3 to 4 minutes, and remove from  heat. Beat the eggs, stir in the cheeses, then cook the vegetables. Check  the seasoning. Brush a 9-by-13-by-2-inch pan with the melted butter and lay  a sheet of filo pastry with butter, or mixture of butter and olive oil, and  continue buttering and layering, until you have used half the sheets.  Scatter half of the chopped pine nuts between several of the layers. Brush  the top layer with butter and spread the filling over it. Continue layering  the rest of the pastry sheets. If the butter begins to congeal, reheat it  so it spreads easily. Cut the assembled pastry into 3-inch squares, then  into diamonds, making sure you cut through all the layers; refrigerate the  pastry if you will not be baking right away. Bake in a preheated 400F oven  for 40 to 50 minutes, or until browned. Serve the pastries warm from the  oven, slightly cooled, or at room temperature. Makes one 9-by-13-inch filo  pastry.