Zwetschkenknodel? -- Plum? Dumpling
Bread crumbs, ???????????????? Large, 1/    ? Cup?? Butter, ?? Tabls?? Powdered Sugar., POTATO DOUGH, Teas?? Cinnamon, Plums, ? Tabls?????? Butter, Buttered bread crumbs, ???????????????? Egg, Teas????? Salt, Sugar, ???? Cup?? Bread crumbs, 2 1/    ? Cups? Flour?; (, FILLING, 
Here is another very popular Viennese dish. This Plum Dumpling require raw  plums, which we get only in summer. I do this dish with dry plums too, in  which I soaked them during the night in Cheery liqueur,? To take the pit  out, I make a cut long wise on the plum, and take the pit out, I keep it  whole as much as possible, I put about 1/2 teas of sugar in each plum, and  then continue as I will tell you in my very old recipe from Oma Ruth. But  still, with fresh raw plums is the best.    Source:??? From my mother with love & more ??????????????? Family recipe /  Oma Ruth Lessing.    Yields.? About 1 dozen, 6 - 8 serving.    Potato Dough: Cook the potatoes? in salted water in their skin till they  are done. Wash in cold water and peel.? While still hot. Mash them with the  batter, add the egg, and salt.? Add about 2 cups or more flour . Start to  mix till you get a firm dough that you can handle . Note: This dough you  have to use immediately. With well floured hands , work potato dough into 3  inch thick roll. Cut into half inch slices, Roll each roll on a well  floured board, as thin as you can get. Continue......    The Filling: You will need 12 Plums . Take out the pit and fill with 1/2  teas sugar. Continue..... Put each plum in center of dough, and wrap the  plum in it, pinching all the edges closed. Roll the dumpling between your  floured hands, until it is a smooth ball. Cook in boiling water for about  10 minutes, Drain and roll in buttered bread crumbs,    Bread crumbs: In a big frying pan, melt the butter? , add all the  ingredients and mix till all is well blended.    When Dumpling are ready and drained. Roll then in the frying pan, by  shaking the pan back and forth, so it covers all the dumpling. You should  serve it immediately. But I some time prepare it, the last minute, and keep  it loosely covered with aluminum foil in a lightly warm oven. Do not count  your calories.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Zvi & Rina Perry <pzvi@netvision.net.il> on  Feb 19, 1998