Yiu Gwoh Gai (Cashew Nut Chicken)
Salt, Sugar, Chicken Stock, Oyster sauce, Raw cashew nuts, Cornstarch, Oil for deep-frying, Bamboo shoot tips (water, Green onions, slivered, Thin slices ginger root,, Stalks celery, Cornstarch, Salt, Chicken or 2 whole chicken, Chinese mushrooms (or 1, Thin soy sauce, Water, MARINADE, Sugar, Oil, approximately, Dash of pepper, Yellow onion, thinly sliced, 
1. Skin and bone chicken.  Cut into 2" x 1/2" pieces.    2. Sprinkle the chicken with each of the ingredients listed under  "marinade," mix well, then add the green onions and ginger. Marinate for 1  hour.    3. Heat 2 cups oil to 325 degrees and deep-fry cashew nuts for 5 minutes,  drain and salt lightly.    4. Boil Chinese mushrooms for 10 minutes, rinse, squeeze dry, cut off and  discard stems.  If you use canned mushrooms, omit this step.    5. Cut celery into 1 1/2" pieces, then cut each piece lengthwise into  strips, julienne style.    6. Cut bamboo shoot tips into thin slices.    7. Peel water chestnuts (using potato peeler) and cut a little off the top  and the bottom of each one.  Then cut them into thin slices and soak in  water to prevent them from turning dark. (Canned water chestnuts are  already peeled.)    8. Heat wok, add 1 t. oil and stir-fry the bamboo tips and water chestnuts  together, if you use fresh water chestnuts. (If canned ones are used,  stir-fry them separately in 1 teaspoon oil for 1-2 minutes, adding 2  teaspoons sugar.)  Set aside.    9. Heat wok, add 1 teaspoon oil and stir-fry mushrooms, celery and yellow  onion for 3 minutes, with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon sugar. Set  aside.    10. Heat wok, add 2 tablespoons oil and stir-fry marinated chicken for 3  minutes.  Add chicken stock, cover and cook for 10 minutes over medium  heat.    11. Add vegetables which have been previously set aside and bring to a fast  boil.    12. Thicken with a mixture made with the cornstarch and 2 tablespoon cold  water.  Bring to a boil, cook for 1 minute and turn off the heat.    13. Add cashew nuts, mix thoroughly, and serve.    Serve alone, or with rice.    SOURCE: Chopsticks, Clever and Wok.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip