Deep-Fried Whole Wheat Breads with Cumin (Puri)
FLATBREADS & FLAVORS; ALFORD, Flour, atta, Flour, Black pepper, ground, Cumin, ground, Turmeric, Salt, Oil, Yogurt, Oil, 
In medium bowl, mix flours and seasonings.  Sprinkle oil over dry  ingredients and rub in with your fingers.  Add yogurt a little at a time,  until a kneadable dough forms.  The dough should be on the stiff side, but  still easily kneadable; adjust amount of yogurt as necessary. Turn dough  out onto lightly floured surface and knead 8-10 minutes.    Rinse out, dry, and lightly oil bowl.  Return bread to bowl, cover, and  rest 1/2-2 hours.    Divide dough into 1 ball per puri.  Flatten each ball between your lightly  floured palms and set aside; do not stack.  Cover with plastic wrap. You  can either heat the oil and then roll out the puris as you cook them, or  roll out all the puris first.  We prefer the latter, as it gives us time to  concentrate on the deep-frying. Roll out each puri into a circle  approximately 6" in diameter.  Set aside (do not stack them) and cover with  plastic wrap.    Heat oil for deep-frying in large wok or deep pot over medium-high heat to  375 F.  You can test the oil by frying a dried bread cube; if oil is hot  enough, the cube should brown in less than 1 minute, but not instantly.  Adjust heat accordingly.    Set out wooden bowl lned with paper towels.  Start frying one puri. Lay it  gently in oil.  Puri will sink at first, then will rise to surface. (If  puri browns or blackens in less than 15 seconds, the oil is too hot; adjust  heat as necessary.)  After bread has risen to surface, touch gently with  wooden spoon or slotted stainless steel spoon, forcing it downward with a  quick motion.  At this point, the puri should puff up into a balloon. Turn  over and continue cooking 10-15 seconds. Remove to paper-lined platter to  drain.  Continue cooking the rest of the puris, 2-3 at a time, depending on  the size of your wok. Serve hot with any curry or lentil dish.    Authors comments: When we make puris, we generally plan to have guests on  hand to share the pleasure of eating the breads.  We make up a cool yogurt  dish and a curry before we get started with deep-frying the puris; that  way, we can serve the puris hot and at their best. Puris are particularly  good with gujarati Mango Curr or Egg Curry with Tomato. We find these  deep-fried breads are most successful when served with only one curry and  perhaps a fresh chutney.    Nutritional Information per serving:  xx calories, xx gm protein, xx gm  carbohydrate, xx gm fat,  x% Calories from fat,  x mg chol,  xx mg sodium,  x g dietary fiber    Tyops courtesy of Sylvia Steiger, SylviaRN (at) CompuServe (dot) com    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Sep 28, 98