Yu Sang (Chinese New Year Salad)
Toasted sesame seeds, for, Lime or lemon, cut in half, Asian sesame oil, Sugar, White pepper, Five-spice powder, Peeled, finely shredded, Thin quarter-sized slices, Finely shredded sweet, Finely shredded pickled, Green onions, finely, MARINADE:, Salt, Fried rice stick noodles,, Chopped peanuts, Vegetable oil, Fresh or frozen kaffir lime, Cilantro, leaves only, Lemon, Fresh sashimi-grade tuna or, Peeled, finely shredded, Red jalapeno chile, seeded, Crisp fried shrimp chips, 
* (about 6 x 2 x 1/2-inch piece)    The quality and freshness of the fish is crucial for the success of  the dish.  Purchase the fish from a Japanese fish shop that  specializes in sashimi, or a reliable fishmonger.  To facilitate the  very fine shredding of the radish and carrot, use a mandolin or the  fine shredding disc of a food processor.    Chill fish until firm.  Cut into paper-thin, 2-inch-long slices  against the grain; set aside.    In separate bowls, cover radishes and carrots with cold water; set  aside until ready to assemble salad.  Then rinse and squeeze out  excess water.    To assemble:  Toss fish slices with marinade ingredients.  Place fish  in center of a platter.  Arrange daikon and carrot shreds around  fish. Scatter fresh and pickled ginger, the pickled scallions, lime  leaves, chiles, green onions and cilantro over fish.  Sprinkle with  peanuts and sesame seeds.    Just before serving, squeeze the lime or lemon juice over all. It is  customary for everyone to join in and toss the salad.  Using  chopsticks, each diner digs from the bottom of the salad and lifts  the ingredients to mix together.    When the salad is fully tossed, taste for seasoning.  Adjust with more  sesame oil, lime juice, salt and/or some of the juices from the  pickled vegetables.    Garnish with shrimp chips or fried rice stick noodles.    Serves 4 to 6.    NOTE:  Bottled pickled ginger and pickled scallions may be found in  Chinese markets.  Kaffir lime leaves may be found in Thai grocery  stores. If kaffir leaves are not available, omit or substitute  domestic lime leaves.    PER SERVING:  195 calories, 13 g protein, 15 g carbohydrate, 11g g  fat (9 g saturated), 17 mg cholesterol, 205 mg sodium, 3 g fiber.    San Francisco Chronicle, 2/3/93.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; February 5 1993.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip