Yuletide Ring
Butter or vegan margarine, Onion, Butter or vegan margarine, Mixed herbs, Tomatoes, fresh or canned, Cashew nuts; grated, Soft white breadcrumbs, Soft wholewheat breadcrumbs, Marmite, Butter; for greasing tin, Soy sauce, Blanched almonds, Lemons, Parsley sprigs, Walnuts, grated, Black Pepper, FOR THE ALMOND & LEMON LAYER, GARNISH, Lemon and tomato slices, Button mushrooms, Soft breadcrumbs, FOR THE OUTER LAYER, Salt, Onion, Butter, FOR THE MUSHROOM PATE, Button mushrooms, 
(I see no reason why you cant use margarine for any instance of butter in  this recipe.  -K.M.)    First thoroughly grease a 22-23 cm (9 to 9-1/2-inch) ring mould, 1.2 liter  (2 pint) capacity with butter.    Since the basis of both nut mixtures is fried onion, you can melt the  butter for both of them in a large saucepan, add both the onions and fry  for 10 minutes until tender but not browned. Put half the mixture into a  bowl on one side.  To complete the dark/outer mixture, add the mushrooms  and mixed herbs to the pan. Skin the tomatoes, if youre using fresh ones,  chop and add to the saucepan, or just mash in the canned ones, without any  juice.  Let this mixture cook until all the liquid has gone, then remove  from the heat and stir in all the remaining ingredients, and 50 ml (2 fl  oz) of the water, to make a medium-soft mixture.    To complete the almond and lemon layer, grind the almonds and add to the  other lot of fried onion, along with the crumbs and 200 ml (7 fl oz) water,  and flavour with lemon rind and juice. I like this mixture really lemony,  and use the grated rind and juice of 1-1/2 lemons; if that is too much for  your taste, adjust the amount accordingly, and perhaps add a tablespoonful  or two more water.  The mixture should be quite soft but not sloppy.    To make the mushroom pate, wash the mushrooms and chop the roughly. Melt  the butter in a large saucepan, add the mushrooms and fry them, without a  lid on the pan ~- they will soon make a great deal of liquid. Continue to  cook them, uncovered, until all the liquid has gone -- this may take as  long as 30 minutes.  Then liquidize with the breadcrumbs and season with  salt and pepper.    Set the oven to 190 C/375 F/Gas Mark 5.    To assemble the ring, first press the dark nut mixture into the tin, to  cover the base and all the way up the sides to within about 5 mm (1/4 inch)  of the top (leave this clear to allow the mixture to rise a bit as it  cooks).  Next, put in the white mixture, over the dark one, to cover it.  Add the mushroom pate to fill the ring. When it is all in, gently press the  top so that it is level, about 5 mm (1/4 inch) below the top. Cover with a  piece of greased foil.    When you are ready to bake the ring, put it into the oven and bake for  1-1/4 to 1-1/2 hours, or until the ring feels firm to the touch and a  skewer inserted into the middle comes out clean. Let it stand for 2-3  minutes, then loosen the edges, put a large round plate on top of it, and  turn it upside down; hopefully it will come out in one piece. fill the  centre with stuffing balls, decorate the top with slices of tomato, lemon  and parsley, and serve immediately.    Source: Rose Elliots Vegetarian Christmas Typed for you by Karen Mintzias