Zuppa Di Funghi
Prosciutto, Freshly ground black pepper,, Sprigs Italian parsley,, To serve:, Medium-sized garlic clove,, Freshly ground black pepper,, PLUS, All-purpose potatoes,, olive oil, Salt, to taste, Chicken broth, preferably, Heaping TBS croutons, Dried Porcini mushrooms, Very large garlic clove,, Vegetable oil (1/2, Basil leaves, Salt, to taste, Sprigs Italian parsley,, 
Soak the mushrooms in a bowl containing 1 quart of lukewarm water for 1/2  hour. Meanwhile, finely grind prosciutto and finely chop parsley and garlic  together on board.    Place a medium-sized stockpot with the broth over medium heat and when the  broth reaches a boil, add the potatoes and simmer for about 15 minutes. By  that time the potatoes should be almost dissolved. Pass the contents of the  stockpot through a food mill, using the disk with smallest holes, into a  crockery or glass bowl and let rest until needed.    Drain the mushrooms and carefully clean them, removing all the sand  attached to the stems. Strain the soaking water by passing it several times  through a strainer lined with paper towels.    Heat the 1/4 cup olive oil in a medium-sized stockpot over low heat. When  the oil is warm, add the ground prosciutto and the chopped ingredients and  saute for 5 minutes, stirring every so often with a wooden spoon.  Meanwhile, coarsely chop the mushrooms. Add the mushrooms to the pot. stir  very well and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 2 minutes, then add the  mushroom water, a little at a time, and cook for 15 minutes more. Put in  all the broth containing the passed potatoes. Bring to a boil and simmer  for 20 minutes, stirring every so often with a wooden spoon and seasoning  with salt and pepper.    Meanwhile, prepare the croutons. Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet over  medium heat and line a serving platter with paper towels. Add the whole  clove of garlic and saute for 20 seconds. Put in the croutons and fry until  golden. Transfer them to the lined serving platter to absorb excess fat and  sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Discard the clove of garlic.    When the broth becomes smooth and rather thick, immediately ladle it into  the individual soup bowls. Put some of the croutons on top of each portion,  then some parsley and basil leaves, and serve immediately.    This soup may be prepared in advance and reheated at the very last moment.    September 8, 1996    Recipe by: =A9 Giuliano Bugialli 1994    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #491 by Frank Cavalier <fcaval@idt.net> on  Mar 02, 1997.