Zuccotto
Powdered sugar, hazelnuts and almonds, Chocolate pieces, Cocoa powder, Chocolate chips, Heavy Cream, Powdered sugar, Coffee liqueur, Savoiardi, 
Line a 1.2litre/2pint round-bottomed bowl or pudding basin with damp  muslin or cheesecloth, leaving it hanging over the rim.    Put all but 3 Tbsp of the liqueur in a shallow dish, dip in the sponge  fingers one at a time and use to line the bowl or basin, placing them  sugared side outwards. Fill the bottom and any gaps with  liqueur-soaked trimmings so that the lining is completely solid.  Chill for 30 minutes. Reserve the remaining sponge fingers and  liqueur.    Whip the cream with the icing sugar until very thick and standing in  stiff peaks.  Transfer three-quarters to a separate bowl.  Stir the  nuts and chocolate chips into the remaining one-quarter, then spread  this over the sponge fingers to make an inner lining.  Return to the  refrigerator. Put the chocolate pieces and remaining 3 Tbsp liqueur  in a heatproof bowl. Stand the bowl over a pan of gently simmering  water and heat gently, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate has  melted and is smooth. Remove from the heat and leave to cool  slightly, then stir into the remaining whipped cream.  Use to fill  the centre of the bowl or basin and smooth over the surface. Cover  with the remaining sponge fingers dipped in the rest of the liqueur.  Press the sponge fingers down firmly, then cover with the muslin.  Place a plate with heavy weights on top and chill overnight.    To serve, remove the weights and unfold the muslin, then run a palette  knife carefully between the muslin and the bowl/basin.  Invert a  serving plate over the mould and turn the Zuccotto out onto it.  Carefully remove the muslin. Decorate with alternate sections of  sifted cocoa powder and icing sugar. Fold a circle of greaseproof  paper into 8 sections, then cut out each alternate one. Place over  the Zuccotto and sift over the cocoa powder, then move the paper  around so that the cocoa powder is covered and sprinkle with the  icing sugar. If you are in a rush the Zuccotto can, of course, be  simply dusted with either icing sugar or cocoa instead of both but  the decoration is worth the effort for a special occasion.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip