Wolfgangs Mixed Berry Shortcake
SERVE, Kirsch, Plus 1 tsp baking powder, Sugar, Heavy cream, Ice cream, Unsalted butter; chilled, Orange zest, Lemon juice, Sugar, Blueberries, BERRY MIXTURE, Salt, Blackberries, DOUGH, Cake flour, Raspberries, 
Prepare the shortcake dough: In a food processor, combine cake flour,  sugar, baking powder, and salt. Process until just combined with a few  on?off turns. Add butter then pulse until just combined. With the motor  running, pour heavy cream through the feed tube, stopping just before the  dough forms a ball.    Roll out the dough: Lightly flour a wooden surface and gently knead the  dough until it forms a smooth ball. Be careful not to overknead the dough.  Roll out dough to around 3/4 inch thick. Cut into 7 circles with a 3-inch  cookie or biscuit cutter. Knead the leftover scraps together, roll and cut  out 3 more circles.    Bake the dough: Line a baking tray with parchment paper and arrange the  dough circle on a tray. Brush the tops with heavy cream and sprinkle  lightly with sugar. Bake 5 minutes in a 375-degree oven and then reduce the  heat to 350-degree oven. Bake for another 25 to 30 minutes, or until the  cakes are golden and firm to the touch.    Prepare the berries: While the dough cools, mix the berries. Wolfgang uses  a combination of blueberries, raspberries and blackberries, but you can use  whatever fruit you like to eat. Combine 1 pint blueberries, 1 pint  raspberries and 1 pint blackberries with 2 Tbsp sugar in a large mixing  bowl. Then add 1 Tbsp lemon juice, 2 tsp kirsch and 1 tsp orange zest.  Gently mix and set aside.    Build the shortcake: When ready to serve, split each shortcake in half and  warm slightly. This is a great dessert for a party because you can prepare  the shortcake ahead of time and then warm them when you make the berry  mixture. Place the bottom half of the shortcake on a dessert plate. Spoon 1  cup of ice cream on the cake and arrange a cup of the berry mixture over  and around the ice cream. Top with the remaining half of the cake. Serve  immediately while the shortcake is still warm.    MC Formatted and MC Busted by Barb at PK on 3/14/98    NOTES : Wolfgang Puck creates a delicious dessert using the best of summer  fruit.    Recipe by: Wolfgang Puck    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "abprice@wf.net" <abprice@wf.net> on Mar 16,  1998