Wild Mushroom Enchiladas
Salt to taste, Unsalted butter, Tortillas de maiz, Heavy cream, Yellow onion, wild mushrooms, Avocado, Fresh lime juice, cilantro, Garlic, Ancho chiles, Queso fresco, Tomato, 
Date: 19 Jun 1996 15:04:45 +0900    From: "Scott Ashkenaz" <s_ashken@kla.com>  This is the kind of recipe that makes my Texpuritan instincts cringe  up, but it sounds pretty good.    >From Stephan Pyle (Star Canyon in Dallas), published in the February  96 Texas Monthly (as a sidebar to a nice article on the spread of  Southwestern ... ahem ... Texas kyoozeen: (Stephan Pyles _New Texas  Cuisine_, Doubleday)    Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. To prepare ancho paste, wash, dry,  stem, and seed chiles. Place in a single layer on a baking sheet and  roast for 1 minute. Put in a bowl and cover with warm water for 30  min. to rehydrate. Strain (reserve liquid) and puree in a blender  with enough of the liquid to form a thick paste.    In a skillet, bring 5 tbsp ancho paste, cream, and garlic to a boil  and simmer for 2 min. Transfer to a blender and puree. Add lime  juice and salt to taste. Strain and set aside.    Heat butter in a large skillet and saute onion and mushrooms for 2  minutes over medium heat, until onion is translucent and mushrooms  are soft. Add avocado, cheese, cilantro, and tomato, and just heat  through. Add 2 tbsp of reserved ancho cream puree and stir gently.  Add salt to taste and simmer 3 min.    Heat remaining reserved ancho cream puree in a skillet until  simmering. Soak tortillas one at a time in puree for 15 sec. to  soften and use tongs to place on a baking sheet. Spread mushroom  mixture evenly down the middle of tortillas. Roll up tortillas, and  using a metal spatula, place on plates, seam side down. To reheat,  cover baking sheet with foil and place in a 350 degree oven for 10  min. Please note the recent questions answered by this recipe:    1. Rehydrate chiles in WARM water, not hot, cold, or vodka.    2. Warm tortillas in sauce, not oil.    3. Place tortillas seam side down.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #018    From Glen Hoseys Recipe Collection Program, hosey@erols.com  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #239    Date: Mon, 02 Sep 1996 12:02:26 -0400    From: Walt Gray <waltgray@mnsinc.com>