Yellow Mole/sauce
Oil, yellow chiles, yellow bell peppers, juice of 1/2 a lemon, Yellow onion, Garlic, Cinnamon, nutmeg, Sugar, Allspice, Salt, yellow medium tomatoes, 
I think that before summer is completely gone and access to some of this  stuff (garden/store) becomes tough, Ill post this sauce recipe that runs a  close second in taste to a fresh batch of adobo. Actually, the idea of  growing yellow bell peppers, yellow tomatoes, and yellow chiles came from  this recipe, adapted from the mole amarillo in Mark Millers _The Great  Chile Book_. The idea is to use ingredients that are all as close to being  yellow as possible, so that the end sauce turns out to be a golden yellow.  I made this the first time with greenish tomatillos and Santa Fe Grandes  that had a greenish tinge to them (overeager to pick, you know!) and the  sauce wound up a gaggy color that I would not put my lips to and my wife  wouldnt because it was too hot! (chilehead in progress!)    So, once you corral the ingredients, its not too complicated. Here it is:    I use the broiler for most all of my roasting, so Ill refer to it as my  method. Put the tomatoes and bell peppers under the broiler until the  tomatoes are soft and the skin is split and brown in spots and the bells  are blistered all over. Youll want to turn them a few times so that all  this gets evenly done. Set them in a bowl and toss a towel over them and  let them cool off a bit. Now put the _____ (your chiles name here) and the  unpeeled garlic in to roast. The Ajis I use roast quickly - one turn over  and theyre done. I just snip the good stuff off the stem with a pair of  scissors into the processor. The garlic takes a little longer. In fact, you  could roast it earlier with the big stuff under the broiler or on a dry  frying pan or toaster oven or whatever. While the bells and tomatoes are  roasting, oil up a frying pan and peel, dice, and start sauteing the onion  until its just soft. Toss this sauteed onion into a food processor. A note  on the pan: if youre not into doing dishes, use a bigger pan, like a Dutch  oven, to saute the onions because the raw sauce also needs to be cooked  after being pureed and a high-sided pan is handy for this. After cutting  out the stem cores from the tomatoes and the stems and seeds from the bell  peppers, roughly chop them and put them into the processor as well. I dont  bother to skin them - the skins are thin and chop up nicely. Add the lemon  juice, sugar, some salt, nutmeg, allspice, and cinnamon. After the garlic  cloves cool, peel and roughly chop and have them join the party in the  processor. Puree all this stuff until you get the texture you like. Note: I  could have done all this in one leaky batch, but decided to go with two  shifts, instead. I like a texture where the skins are well chopped (I dont  strain this sauce), but it also doesnt look like baby food. At this point,  I empty the contents of the processor into another pan with a handle on it.  The hot oil in the next step will make the sauce spatter and its no fun  being in the splatter zone with an awkward grip on a slippery bowl. After  the blending, or during it, heat up a high-sided pan with the rest of the  oil until the oil just starts to smoke. Pour in the raw sauce all at once  while stirring. I like a whisk here because it mixes stuff well without  pushing it around. The sauce will sizzle and spatter a bit, but keep the  heat on it so that it doesnt stop bubbling. Constantly stirring, cook the  bubbling sauce for about 10 minutes. It should be thick enough to almost  coat a spoon. After it cools and loses more water, it should be nice and  thick. Taste it and make any additions you might like (sorry, no  subtractions!).    This stuff is great with shrimp or fish or as part of some enchiladas or  empanadas or chicken or ...... do enjoy!    Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #132 by sto_tolin@ONLINE.EMICH.EDU on Sep  22, 1997