Xoi Thap Cam (Sweet Rice with Meat, Shrimp, and Sausage)
Water, Thin soy sauce, Sugar, Fish sauce, Plus 2 teaspoons vegetable, Green Onions, FOR THE RICE, Sweet or glutinous rice, Chinese sausage diced, Boneless pork chops,; 2 thin, Black pepper, 
Place rice in a colander and rinse under cold water. In a large pot bring  water to a boil, and add the rice. Stir once and watch the pot for about 1  minute to make sure the water doesnt boil over. When the water starts  bubbling, cover and remove from the heat, and drain the excess water from  the pot. Return the pot to the heat, and cook for 20 minutes. Remove the  pot from the heat, uncover and fluff with a fork. Keep it warm and fluff it  again right before serving.    For the shrimp:      1/3    cup dried shrimp 1 cup cold water    In a small sauce pan, place the dried shrimp and cold water, and bring to a  boil. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water.  Dice the shrimp and place in a bowl and set aside.    In a dry saute pan brown the Chinese sausage until brown on all sides.  Remove and place in the bowl with the shrimp. In the same saute pan, heat  the 2 teaspoons oil and fry the pork chops until brown on both sides.  Remove the pork chops and place in the bowl with the shrimp. Meanwhile,  heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large wok over a high flame. Add the  scallions and quickly cook for 3 minutes or until softened. Then add the  pork, shrimp, and sausage, and fry for 1 minute, stirring well, then add  the fish sauce, soy sauce, sugar, and black pepper. Continue cooking for 3  minutes. Meanwhile re-fluff your rice and place in a large bowl. Add the  meat mixture to the rice, and, mix together. Press this mixture into a 8  round baking pan. It can then be turned out onto a serving platter and cut  into 8 wedges. Sprinkle with chopped green onions and a drizzle of the Nuoc  Cham.    Yield: 8 servings  Recipe By     :ESSENCE OF EMERIL SHOW#EE2202    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #270    Date: Wed, 30 Oct 1996 11:05:49 -0500    From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>