Yam Turnovers with Jalapenos and Ham
Ground pasilla pepper, Onion; minced, Cayenne pepper; OR, All-purpose flour, TOPPING, Tomato; peeled, seeded and, Whole egg, Kosher salt; mixed with, Egg yolk, Unsalted butter, Salt, Dark rum, PASTRY, Garlic clove; pressed, Cooked ham; cut in 1/8" dice, Salt, Mashed baked yams; (about 2, Chilled vegetable, Egg white; lightly beaten, Ice water, Oregano, FILLING, Jalapeno peppers; roasted,, 
These wonderfully tasty turnovers can be filled, baked and frozen ahead. To  serve, bake the frozen turnovers on an ungreased baking sheet in a 350  degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until crisp and heated through.    Prepare the pastry: In a large bowl, combine the flour and salt. Cut in the  shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle the ice water  over the mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing with a fork until the  pastry can be gathered into a ball. (Use additional drops of water if  necessary.) Divide the dough in thirds, wrap each piece in waxed paper and  refrigerate for at least 45 minutes.    Meanwhile, make the filling: In a small skillet, melt the butter over  moderate heat. Add the onion and saute until it softens and begins to  brown, about 5 minutes.    In a small bowl, beat together the yams, whole egg and egg yolk until well  blended. Add the cumin, oregano, salt, garlic, rum, tomato, ham, sauteed  onion and the jalapenos; blend well. Refrigerate, covered, until you are  ready to fill the turnovers.    Assemble the turnovers: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Roll out one piece  of the dough as thin as possible between sheets of waxed paper. Cut into  3-inch circles with a biscuit cutter or glass. Gather together the scraps  and refrigerate.    Place 2 teaspoons of the filling in the center of each pastry circle and  fold in half to form half-moon shapes. Press the edges together firmly to  seal. Place on an ungreased cookie sheet and refrigerate while you roll out  and fill the remaining pieces of dough and then the scraps.    Brush each turnover with the egg white and sprinkle with the seasoned salt.  Bake for 15 minutes; reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees and bake  until the turnovers are golden brown, about 20 minutes.    HOME ENTERTAINING WITH DEAN FEARING SHOW #HE1A07 POKER PARTY    Recipe by: Dean Fearing    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #820 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Sep 29, 1997