Wrapped-Up Kimchi
Korean watercress; cut into, Celery cabbage heads, Ginger roots; peeled, Red pepper powder; made, Chestnuts; thinly sliced, Octopus, Forest mushrooms; soaked in, Garlic bulbs; peeled and, Red pepper threads; cut in, Pickled baby shrimp; chopped, Sugar, Pickled yellow corvina; cut, Coarse salt, Chestnuts; cut into slivers, Dates; cut into slivers, Indian mustard leaves; cut, table salt, Dried Stone mushrooms;, Korean pears, Oysters, GARNISHING INGREDIENTS, Korean radish, Pine nuts, Green thread onions; cut, Green onions; cut into, 
A variety of seafood, vegetables, fruits, and nuts are wrapped together in  cabbage leaves. Vegetables such as Korean watercress, Indian mustard  leaves, and green onions give an aromatic flavoring to the kimchi; the  fresh oysters and octopus add exquisite an fanciful flavors to the  vegetables, and the combination of the stuffing. Here, the juicy radishes  and pears are mixed with pickled shrimp and yellow corvina add a subtle  depth to the kimchi. Furthermore, garnishing with nuts, dates, stone  mushrooms, and red pepper threads transforms the rich mixture into a  festive creation. This kimchi is simply delicious and is also very  nutritious.    PRELIMINARIES:    1. Salting the Cabbage and Radishes. Soften the cabbage heads and radishes  halved lengthwise in a brine pre- pared with 3 cups of salt and 4 quarts (4  liters) of water.    PREPARATIONS:    1. Remove the leafy parts from the salted cabbage section; save them for  wrapping.    2. Cut across the cabbage stems at 1 1/4" (3 cm) intervals. Thinly slice  the radish halves into a half-moon shape, then cut the slices into 2 or 3  pieces; cut the pears to a similar size.    3. Cut the octopus into narrow strips, 1 1/2" (4 cm) long.    4. Mix the cabbage and radish pieces with the red pepper paste, garlic, and  ginger; then add all the remaining ingredients, beging careful not to crush  the oysters. Season with salt and sugar.    5. In a medium-sized bowl, spread 2 or 3 softened cabbage leaves and fill  it with the stuffing.    6. Add the garnishing ingredients on top.    7. Securly wrap the stuffing with the leaves. Stack the wrapped kimchi in a  crock. Dilute the pickled fish juice with water and pour over the kimchi.    GNC KOREA    Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.