Eggplant and Fennel Pilaf of Bulgur And Rice
EGGPLANT, Eggplant chunks;, Asian five spice powder;, Light sesame oil, Gomasio; or a blend of, FENNEL / ANISE, Fennel bulb; trimmed and, Chopped fresh basil, Black Pepper, Olive oil spray, ADDITIONS, Onions, olive oil, Red bell pepper strips, Black Pepper, Cracked wheat bulgur, Instant white rice; or, Low sodium vegetable broth, Better than bouillon, FINISHING TOUCHES, Butter Buds?; sprinkles, Chopped fresh cilantro; more, Lemon wedges; garnish, 
Preheat oven to 350F.    EGGPLANT: Cut eggplant into large dice and toss with 5-spice, oil and  gomasio. Spread on a sprayed non-stick cookie sheet.    FENNEL: Trim and core the fennel bulb. Remove tough outer layers if  necessary. Toss with basil, pepper and a little olive oil mist. Place in a  non-stick oven pan that will fit in your oven along side the cookie sheet.    Bake both at 350F for 15 minutes. Fennel should now be aromatic and soft.  Remove from oven and let cool. Continue to bake the eggplant for another 25  to 10 minutes or until lightly brown. Remove to cool.    While vegetable are cooking, heat oil in a large skillet or wok. Saute the  onion until soft. Add the red pepper strips, season with pepper; saute  until peppers are softened and onions are lightly browned.    Pan roast the grains: Clear a space in the middle of the pan and add the  bulgur and rice. Stir to toast the grains, incorporating the onion  mixture after about 2 minutes. Add the broth and the bouillon-flavor  enhancer. Stir well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 10  minutes. Stir and add the roasted vegetables. Simmer until most of the  liquid has been absorbed by the grains; about 15-20 minutes. Add the butter  buds and cilantro; warm through. Serve with lemon wedges and offer gomasio.    [PER SERVING: 258 cals, 4g total fat (12%cff); 63g carbs; 10g fiber; 367mg  sodium]    SEE The KitchenPatH Recipes | http://home.earthlink.net/~kitpath  09/25/98(Fri)    NOTES : The eggplant and fennel are roasted with spices and added to the  two-grain pilaf. The fennel is an after-taste. Very pleasing pilaf. Tested  by Pat and Bob Hanneman 9/98. If you dont like cilantro, try shredded napa  cabbage, watercress, romaine, or flat-leaf parsley. Serves 3; 4 when served  with salad and a roll.  *Recipe adapted from Rosemary Moons EGGPLANT  COOKBOOK (1998)    Recipe by: Adapted from Rosemary Moons Egglant Cookbook (1998)    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Sep 25,  1998, 