Yankee Pot Roast
Salt pork; diced finely, Chopped parsley, Potatoes; peeled, cut in, Cloves garlic; sliced, Yellow onions; peeled,, Butter, Salt and pepper to taste, Kitchen Bouquet (optional), Bay leaf, Carrots; cut in 1-inch, Beef chuck roast, Whole thyme leaves, Turnip; peeled, cut into, Flour, 
Just the name of this dish implies a frugal cut of meat cooked with  patience until it is just right for a New England supper. My mother used to  make this for me when I was little. It is still a favorite with my sons ...  though now we spike it up with a bit of wine, mushrooms, more garlic, etc.  In short, it is no longer New England. New England cooking has always been  rather plain and straightforward. Even my addition of garlic and thyme to  this dish is going to cause some Yankee to claim that is not "right."    Heat a large Dutch oven, about 6-7 quarts, and brown the salt pork.  Remove the pork from the pan, leaving the fat in the pan. Salt and pepper  the chuck roast and brown it in the fat. Brown it well on both sides,  turning it with a wooden fork or spatula so you do not puncture the meat.  When brown, add 2 cups of water to the pot and then the bay leaf, garlic,  thyme, and parsley. Cover and simmer slowly for 2 hours, keeping about 1  cup of water in the bottom of the pot. Add the carrots, onion, and turnip;  cover and cook for 1/2 hour. Watch that there is always a cup of water in  the bottom of the pot. Add the potatoes and cook until the potatoes are  tender. Watch that water!    Prepare a roux of the flour and butter by melting the butter in a small  fying pan and stirring in the flour. Cook for a few moments. Remove the  meat and vegetables from the pan and place on a serving platter. Thicken  the gravy with the roux. Use as much or as little roux as you like. The  thickness of the gravy is up to you. Correct the seasoning in the gravy and  serve with the pot roast. You may wish to darken the gravy with some  Kitchen Bouquet.    I cannot think of a finer menu, providing you start this meal with a dish  of Smoky Chowder (see recipe).    From <The Frugal Gourmet Cooks American>.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.