Yam Sami ("Husbands Salad") Pt 1
Dragon shrimp (fresh water, Ton hom (green/spring, Nam pla (fish sauce), Shaved beef, Kratiem (garlic), minced, Khing (ginger), minced, Hom daeng (shallots/purple, Sesame oil, Bologna, sliced, Nam manao (lime juice), Bai chi (coriander/cilantro, Ham, Sliced roast pork, Cooked chicken, sliced, Chilli oil, Khao koor (see method), Shrimp (16-20 to the pound), Nam si-ew wan (sweet dark, 
Description: My wife and I recently attended the marriage celebrations of  the son of a friend of ours, and this dish is our contribution to the food  (Thai wedding celebrations are often one long banquet... interspersed by  visits to temples and paying respects to parents and grandparents).    Because it was offered as part of the "husbands side" food, I have called  it yam sami, but a similar, if rather simpler recipe, recently appeared in  an advertisement for a firm that packages ham and sausage, and called yam  ham kung, which would be an alternative name (except I dont like using  obvious imports in language...)    It is similar in concept to such dishes as yam nuea or yam mu (beef or pork  salads respectively), and we in fact bought the shrimp freshly cooked from  a vendor near our home on the way to the festivities, allowing this to be a  "no-cook" recipe. However I would usually prefer to start from scratch so I  include the method for preparing the shrimp. Note that when I describe them  as fresh the jumbo shrimp are taken from a live tank for sale in most  shops here...    The dish is loaded with meaning, so I have left the quantities large, but  you can of course scale it down for your own needs. The number of large  shrimp (8), their colour (red), even the local name (dragon) are indicators  of wealth and success in life, so highly significant for the young couple.  One local tradition here is for the couple to each feed each other a shrimp  ~ less messy than the American cream cake! Eight shrimp also means one each  for the Bride and Groom, their parents, and the best man and chief  bridesmaid (the latter being a recent tradition of western origin).    Finally yam means tossed (as a salad is tossed), and signifies the tossings  of fortune in life...    Method: First prepare the khao Koor - place about 5 tablespoons of uncooked  long grain whit rice in a wok over medium heat, and toast gently until  light brown. Allow to cool and then grind to a coarse powder in a mortar  and pestle, or spice grinder.    Next cook the shrimp: the jumbo shrimp should be grilled or barbecued until  pink. To avoid burning this is best done with the heads and carapaces still  on. Thais eat almost the whole shrimp (including some of the shell), so  would serve them like this. You may prepare to remove the head and legs,  shell (except the tail), and de-vein them. Set them aside. The smaller  shrimp are best dry-toasted in a wok over medium heat, tossing continuously  to avoid burning until pink. Again they are best de-headed, shelled and  cleaned after cooking.    Slice the cooked meat into half inch strips, and then cut any long pieces  into smaller bite sized pieces. Tease the chicken apart with the tines of a  fork.    Cut the white bulbs from the spring onion, and then slice the green parts  thinly.    Place the chicken, sliced meat, and small shrimp in a large bowl. In a  mixing bowl combine the remaining ingredients and then pour them over the  mixed meats and shrimp. Toss to thoroughly coat and leave to stand for at  least an hour before serving.    Serving & Storage: Place the tossed ingredients on a large serving platter,  surround with a circle of alternating tomato segments and slices of  cucumber, and place the jumbo shrimp like the spokes of a wheel, heads  innermost then garnish with coriander/cilantro and mint leaves.    continued in part 2