Yam Yai - Thai "Chefs Salad"
[rice] vinegar or nam makham, Prik ki nu daeng haeng, Chinese lettuce (or other, Lime juice, Nam tan paep (palm sugar), SALAD INGREDIENTS, Tomato wedges, Khao koor (toasted rice), Onion, sliced, Broccoli florets, blanched, Cucumber, sliced, Bean sprouts, Peanuts, DRESSING INGREDIENTS, Light soy sauce, Prik chi fa (Thai, 
Salads are extremely common in Thailand, accompanying most meals. However  most of them are casual affaris, and most do not have a western style  dressing; rather the diners use whichever of a variety of dips take their  fancy. However a few formal salads do exist, largely as accompaniments to  formal dinners, and this one, which could be translated as "great salad" is  a typical example.    The actual salad is not particularly important: any suitable mixture of  veggies could be used, hence the more usual translation as chefs salad.  However a typical mixture is as follows:    Salad Ingredients Method: Line a serving bowl with the lettuce leaves, then  toss the other ingredients and place on the lettuce, garnish with  cilantro/coriander leaves, lime leaves, thinly sliced shallots, and  julienned spring onions.    Dressing Ingredients Method: In a dry skillet or wok toast the peanuts  until light golden brown, allow to cool and crumble (a few sharp blows with  the flat of a cleaver should suffice, and avvoid turning them into peanut  butter, as the use of a food processor is inclined to).    Toast 2 tablespoons of uncooked long grain rice (either white or brown, to  taste), and then when cool, grind to a coarse powder (khao koor).    Combine the ingredients to form the dressing, and place in a small bowl.    Serving: Thai salads are not served dressed, this being left to the  diners. If available you could also add a few of the different Thai dips  (nam prik kiga, nam prik kapi are suitable for vegetables, and can be  adapted to vegetarian/vegan life styles without serious loss of  authenticity).  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #170    Date: Thu, 28 Nov 1996 09:37:24 +0700    From: "Col. I.F. Khuntilanont-Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>