Wonton Skin Raviolis
Ravioli filling (2 recipes, Wonton wrappers (about 1 1/2, (grown-up version can be, Egg; Beaten With, Teaspoon of water, 
Lay out 8 wonton wrappers on counter in front of you. Paint each one  lightly with beaten egg. Place 1 tablespoon filling in the center of each  ravioli. Seal by placing 8 additional wonton wrappers on top to cover each  square. Pick up each ravioli and press well all around edges to seal. For a  good seal, make sure no filling is stuck in the edges. Square ravioli can  be left as is or cut into festive shapes (stars, hearts etc.) with a medium  cookie cutter. Place the ravioli upside down on a cookie sheet lined with  parchment. Lay out 8 more wrappers and repeat the process until either  wrappers or filling is gone. Lay additional parchment or plastic wrap  between layers of ravioli as needed as you lay them on the cookie sheet.  The entire cookie sheet can be wrapped well and refrigerated for 12 days.  When ready to cook ravioli, bring large pot of salted water to a boil.  Lower heat to a simmer, give the water a good stir to form a whirlpool  effect and quickly drop in 1215 raviolis one by one, stirring gently to  separate them as they hit the water. Poach gently 23 minutes, or until  ravioli puff up, float to the surface and are opaque in the center (in the  case of raw poultry or fish fillings) Remove ravioli from pot with a  slotted spoon and reserve. Cook remaining ravioli in same manner. Serve  with sauce, butter, or oil, or in broth, and with or without cheese. Yield:  25 ravioli; 4 main course servings or 6 appetizers Every culture has its  version of the dumpling, or tasty tidbit wrapped up in dough. Think about  empanadas, calzone, ravioli, pierogi, or dim sum, and youll see that every  culture has taken its best flavors and put them inside some dough! Here we  fill Chinese wonton wrappers, a form of pasta with an interesting slippery  texture due to some cornstarch in the dough, with some flavors kids love.  These ravioli are easy and fun to make with kids. Little ones enjoy  brushing on the glue (egg wash) while older kids love to help seal and cut  out the dumplings. Be sure kids dont handle or taste raw poultry, meat or  fish. Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved 11/20/96  show  Recipe By     : TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW TH6347    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #316    Date: Tue, 26 Nov 1996 06:52:59 -0600    From: Pat Asher <asher@mcs.com>