Wine Jelly
Unflavored gelatine, orange juice, Sugar, Lemon juice, wine, Boiling water, Water, Orange juice, 
THERES ALWAYS ROOM FOR... Somewhere around a decade and a half ago, at a  small dinner party in Staunton, Virginia, Vickie Powers served a dessert  that knocked everybody out.    She served it in a tall champagne flute and, at first, we thought it was a  drink. It was a slightly cloudy pink, the color of a light rosi wine, with  a dollop of sweetened whipped cream on top although people initially  thought that the cream was foam. A single perfect grape, suspended a  half-inch above the bottom in each flute, was the only clue to what it may  have been.    It was "rosi wine jelly" and consisted of the wine, a little sugar, a  squeeze of orange juice, a dash of lemon juice and some gelatine. Vickies  husband, Tom, said it was her little secret recipe that never failed to get  raves. She said it had been in her family for years and shed read  somewhere that it had been a favorite in Victorian England.    After she made me go through some serious whining and grovelling, she gave  me the recipe. I asked her what she called it. "Wine jelly," she said. "Not  dramatic enough," I said. Since it was from Queen Victorias reign and was  Vickie Powers secret recipe, we called it "Victorias Secret." Some of you  are smirking.    It seems that my education was incomplete. After wed been serving  Victorias Secret for a couple years, one day there appeared in our mail a  catalog for a company called Victorias Secret. It featured lots of  near-naked women modelling lots of virtually invisible underthings. Except  for the ones intended to be seen, and they screamed tiger stripes or  incomprehensible straps and buttons or else frothed with great billows of  transparent lace or mesh.    Hey, all I was trying to do was make our version of homemade Jello for  grown-ups. Next thing you know, were up to our you know what in underwear;  so to speak. Whew.    We left it on the menu but sales pretty abruptly fell off. The servers were  suddenly self-conscious about inviting people to try the dessert. We  changed the name to "Victorian Wine Jelly" and it became popular all over  again. Whats in a name, indeed. A rosi by any other name would taste as  sweet. Begging yer pardon, Mr. Shakespeare.    Heres the recipe for the wine jelly; then well look at variations. Note  that water and orange juice are divided.    Method: Soak gelatine in cool water for 2 or 3 minutes. Add the boiling  water and stir to dissolve completely. Add remaining ingredients, mix well  and pour into glasses. Chill until firm. Serve with a small dab of whipped  cream.    Variations: To garnish with a grape, pour about an inch of the gelatine  mixture into the bottom of the glass and chill until very syrupy. Gently  sink a chilled grape into the gel and fill the glass the rest of the way.  To have a clearer gel, substitute water for the orange juice and add 4  teaspoons orange extract to the boiling water. Same for the lemon juice but  use one-half teaspoon lemon extract. Use a sweet white zinfandel instead of  a rosi.    To make layers, pour some into a glass and chill solid. Add the next layer  and repeat. It takes time but it certainly isnt hard work. To get  interesting effects, tilt the glasses so the layers form diagonal patterns.  Or put fruit into every other layer. Or put plastic wrap tightly over the  end of the glass and lay it down flat and chill it solid. Add the other  color(s) and serve. People will wonder.  Posted to FOODWINE Digest  by Bob Pastorio <pastorio@RICA.NET> on Jan 1,  1998