Wild Game Pate
Lean pork and 3/4 lb lean, Raw rabbits/partridge/, Salt, Pepper, Garlic crushed, STUFFING, Coganc, Salt, Finely minced green onions, Veal finely ground together, (2 cup) boneless skinless, Allspice, Very finely minced onions, Butter, Bay leaf, MARINADE, Allspice, Salt, Pheasant/duck or other game, Cut into 1/4 inch strips, Thyme, Pepper, Thyme, Eggs lightly beaten, Bacon blanched to remove, 
First, marinate the strips of game. In a non-reactive bowl, mix together  the marinade ingredients, the cognac, salt and pepper, thyme, allspice and  green onions. Add strips of game and marinate while preparing stuffing. For  stuffing, cook onions slowly in the butter until tender. Scrape into large  mixing bowl. Pour cognac into same skillet and boil until reduced by half,  scraping bottom of skillet to loosen any pan drippings. Scrape into bowl  with onions. Add pork and veal, beaten eggs, salt, pepper, allspice, thyme  and garlic. Beat vigorously with wooden spoon until thoroughly blended. To  assemble pate, line bottom and sides of laof pan with blanched bacon (to  blanch plunge bacon into boiling water, remove immediately and drain  briefly under cold running water), reserving a few strips for top of pate.  Drain game strips, reserving marinade. Beat marinade into stuffing. Divide  stuffing into three parts. Dip hands in cold water and arrange first third  of the stuffing in bottom of loaf pan. COver with half the strips of game.  Repeat layers, another third of stuffing and remaining half of game strips.  SPread remaining thrid of stuffing on top. Place bay leaf on top and cover  with remaining blanched bacon. COver top of pan with aluminum foil and set  in larger pan of boiling water (water should come about halfway up the  outside of loaf pan). Bake in oven preheated to 350 degrees for 1 1/2  hours. Remove loaf pan from water and place another loaf pan (preferably  glass so its heavy enough to weight down the pate) on top of foil-wrapped  pate. Cool pate at room temperature several hours or overnight. Chill,  still weighted. Serve in slices with crackers.NOTE: A "pinch" is about 1/8  ts.