Wild Mushroom Beggars Purse Crepes - Country Living
Sour cream, Minced fresh chives, olive oil, Chopped fresh majoram leaves, Unsifted all purpose four, Fresh chives, Fresh majoram sprigs, Diced carrot, Onion, Salt, MUSHROOM FILLING, garlic, Black Pepper, HERBED CREPES, milk, Chopped wild mushrooms;, Eggs, Vegetable oil, Salt, 
Prepare Mushroom Filling: In small saucepan, cover carrot with water; heat  to boiling and cook 5 minutes or until just tender. Drain and set aside.  Meanwhile in large skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Add onion and  garlic; saute 5 minutes. Add mushrooms and marjoram leaves. Cook mixture,  stirring occasionally, until mushrooms are tender. Remove from heat and  stir in drained cooked carrot, the sour cream, salt and pepper. Set aside  while preparing Herbed Crepes.    Prepare Herbed Crepes: In medium-size bowl, combine flour and salt. With  wire whisk beat in eggs and milk until mixture is almost smooth. Stir  chives into crepe batter.    Heat a crepe pan or heavy 8-inch skillet over medium heat; brush bottom  with some oil. Ladle about 1/3 cup batter into skillet; tip pan to cover  bottom with batter and create a 6-inch round crepe. Cook crepe about 2  minutes or until top is set and bottom is lightly browned. Carefully turn  crepe and cook other side briefly. Remove finished crepe to sheet of waxed  paper. Repeat with remaining batter to make 11 more crepes, stacking with  waxed paper between each.    To assemble filled crepes, blanch chives in boiling water 30 seconds. Drain  and set aside. Place a heaping tablespoon of Mushroom Filling in center of  each crepe. Gather crepe up around the edge to enclose filling; pinch in  crepes just above filling to make a "drawstring" purse and tie securely  with the blanched chive wrapped around crepe. Wrap a marjoram sprig around  each crepe, tucking ends of sprig under chive "string" to secure. Repeat  with remaining crepes and place on a serving plate. (Crepes and filling can  be made ahead, wrapped and refrigerated; warm and assemble just before  serving.)    Country Living/Jan/93    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 662 by GramWag@aol.com on Jan  31, 1998