Wild-Mushroom Lasagna
Can tomato puree, garlic, Butter, Eggs, Carrot; finely chopped, milk, olive oil, Boiling water, FRESH PASTA, olive oil, WHITE SAUCE, Unsifted all-purpose flour, Fresh mozzarella, Parmigiana Reggiano cheese;, Unsifted all-purpose flour;, Water; or up to 3 tbs., MUSHROOM SAUCE, Dried procini mushrooms, Salt, Ground nutmeg, Onion, ASSEMBLY INGREDIENTS, Salt, Celery; finely chopped, Salt, Butter, Assorted exotic mushrooms;, 
Several hours or day before serving, prepare Fresh Pasta: In large bowl or  food processor fitted with chopping blade, combine 2 1/4 cups flour and the  salt. In 1-cup measuring cup, beat eggs, 2 tablespoons water, and the oil  until well mixed; stir into flour mixture. Or, with food processor blade  whirling, add egg mixtrue through the feed tube. Dough should form a ball.  If it isi too sticky, add more flour; if it is too dry, add more water. On  lightly floured surface, knead dough a few minutes or until smooth. Wrap  with plastic wrap; refrigerate 1 hour or overnight.    Prepare Mushroom Sauce: In small bowl, combine boiling water and porcini;  set aside 20 minutes. In 6-quart saucepot, heat oil over medium heat. Add  carrot, celery, and onion; saute, stirring constantly, until tender but not  browned. Stir in chopped mushrooms ,tomato puree, garlic, and salt; heat to  boiling over high heat, stirring constantly. Drain porcini, discarding  liquid. Rinse porcini and add to mushroom-tomato mixture. Reduce heat to  low and cook mixture 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool to room  temperature and assemble lasanga or cover sauce and refrigerate overnight.    Prepare White Sauce: In heavy 2-quart saucepan, melt butter over medium  heat. Stir in flour, salt, and nutmeg; cook until bubbly. Gradually stir in  milk and heat to boiling, stirring constantly. Cool to room temperature and  assemble lasagna or cover and refrigerate overnight.    About 2 hours before serving or day before (if baking ahead and reheating),  in 6-quart saucepot, heat 3 inches water to boiling. Divid pasta dough into  5 pieces. On lightly floured board, roll out 1 dough piece to fit 3  1/2-quart (3-inch deep) redware or 13- by 9-inch glass baking dish. Add  pasta sheet to boiling water being careful that it does not fold over. Boil  3 minutes. With 2 slotted spoons, transfer pasta to oiled colander on tray.  Repeat with remaining 4 pieces, separating pasta sheets with pieces of  aluminum foil that have been oiled on both sides.    Heat oven to 375F. Assemble lasagna: Rub softened butter over bottom of  baking dish. Top with 1/2 of mushroom sauce, 1 sheet pasta, 1/2 or white  sauce, 1 sheet pasta, 1/2 cheeses, and 1 sheet pasta; repeat, ending with  the cheeses. Bake 45 minutes or until the top is golden brown. Check after  30 minutes and cover top with aluminum foil if it browning too quickly.    If baking a day ahead, cool lasagna completely, cover tightly, and  refrigerate. To reheat, heat oven, to 350F. Cover top of lasagna tightly  with aluminum foil and bake 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 hours or until center is hot. To  serve, cut into 12 pasta-course or 8 main-dish servings.    NOTES : There are several convenient ways to make this vegetarian pasta  dish ahead. One is to prepare and refrigerate the components a day ahead  and assemble and bake the lasagna about 2 hours before serving it. Another  calls for preparing, assembling, and baking the dish a day ahead and then  reheating it before serving.    Recipe by: Country Living (January 1998)    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Nesb2@aol.com" <Nesb2@aol.com> on Mar 25,  1998