Winter Vegetable Stew with Juniper Berries
Chopped fresh parsley; for, White onions; see detail, Mushrooms; cut if necessary, olive oil, Salt and pepper, CUT INTO BITESIZED CHUNKS, TO SERVE, Vegetable broth with lentils, Head garlic; cloves peeled, Turnips; peeled, blanched, Sprigs fresh thyme, Carrots; peeled, Leeks (white and light, REMOVABLE AROMATICS, Bay leaf, Juniper (or more) berries;, Potatoes; peeled, OTHER, Dry red wine; such as, Flour, Cooked barley; optional, Rutabaga; peeled, blanched, 
Make the BROTH or use canned enhanced with base or double strength  bouillon.    CUT THE VEGETABLES into bite-sized chunks no bigger than 1-1/2 inches.  Start with the RUTABAGA and TURNIPS and BLANCH them (see tips). While they  stand, prepare the other vegetables. Round vegetables can be quartered or  sixth. Cut the long vegetables (carrots, leeks and celery) into 1-1/2"  lengths. Mushrooms should be cut if larger than the vegetable chunks.    In a dutch oven, heat OIL over medium-high. Brown the CARROTS, POTATOES and  MUSHROOMS, about 10 minutes. Add a little SALT and generous PEPPER.  Sprinkle with FLOUR and stir to coat and cook for about 1 to 2 minutes.  Then add WINE all at once, cook, stirring until asborbed (1 min). Add broth  and bring to a boil stirring continuously. Add other stew ingredients  through the JUNIPER (see tip). Return to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover  and simmer until vegetables are tender. (35 to 40 minutes stove top; or 2  to 2-1/4 hours on setting 3 of a slow cooker.) Remove the aromatics. Adjust  salt and pepper. Ladle stew into shallow bowls. Garnish with parsley.  Served immediately. Makes 8 cups for 4 servings: PER SERVING: 370 cals, 5g  fat (12.2%). Optional: serve over cooked barley: PER SERVING: 466 cals, 4.7  fat (9.1%).    *SLOW COOKER: We used a slow cooker that has removable metal pot. The pot  can be set directly on the burner to brown the vegetables.    *TO BLANCH: Peel and cut the rutabaga and the turnips into chunks.  Microwave the rutabaga in 1/4 cup of water in a covered vented casserole on  high for 1 to 1-1/2 mins. Add the turnip. Microwave on high for 1 to 1-1/2  mins. Let stand while you prepare the other vegetables. Or cook rutabaga  for 1 minute in large bot of boiling water. Add turnips and cook for 1  minutes more and drain.    *JUNIPER BERRIES: smash the berries with the side of a scraper or chefs  knife. If you do not instantly notice a faint smell of pine tar, smash some  more. The oil of the berries will impart a subtle flavor resembling  sloe-gin.    *Substitute white and purple pearl onions, 10 or 12 count each. We needed  16 garlic cloves from a drying white head of garlic.    *Review: Lots of trouble for the flavor. The whole thing should be made  ahead on separate days and reheat. Reheated flavor is better than the  fresh. If you dont want to make the broth, suggest you enhance double  strength bouillon with lentils and tomato paste; the greening of the  parsley. Thyme may be used dried. Next time, skip the rutabaga. Add a  parsnip.    CREDITS: Positively Vegetarian Dec 97 by Deborah Madison for Eating Well, a  montly magazine. Tested:patHanneman Dec 21, 1997. Sent to Eat-lf Recipe  Archive.    Recipe by: Deborah Madison for Eating Well (1997:Dec)    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n323 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Dec 22, 1997