Wolfgang Pucks Braised Veal with Red Wine Sauce
Brunoise of carrot, Recipe Couscous, Brunoise of celery, Beef stock; up to 4, Assorted dried fruits;, Blanched whole almonds, Bottle port; (about 3 1/2, Veal shank meat, olive oil, Brunoise of onion, All-purpose flour, Freshly ground white pepper, Salt, Bottle dry red wine; (about, 
I favor braising for the cuts of meat that usually take a longer time to  cook. Braising keeps the meat moist and results in a delicious sauce  without the use of cream or butter. This dish can be made the day before,  cooled and reheated as needed.    1. In a small bowl, marinate the dried fruit, with enough port to cover,  overnight.    2. Remove the meat from the veal shankbones. Dust the meat with flour. (The  simplest way is to pour the flour into a bag and, one by one, place the  meat in the bag, coat with the flour, and shake off the excess.) Season  lightly with salt and pepper .    3. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.    4. In a large ovenproof roasting pan, heat the olive oil. Brown the shanks  on all sides. Do not crowd the pan, browning in batches if necessary. Add  the vegetables, almonds, dried fruit and the marinating liquid. Pour in the  remaining port and the red wine and bring to a boil. Turn the flame to  medium and reduce the sauce by half. (The length of time required depends  upon the size of the pan.)    5. Pour in enough beef stock to cover the shanks and bring to a boil. Cover  the pan, transfer to the oven, and cook until the shanks are tender, 35 to  45 minutes. Remove the shanks and keep warm. Reduce the sauce just until it  thickens. Correct seasoning to taste and return the shanks to the pan.    Serves 8.    Presentation: Mound the couscous in the center of each of 8 heated plates.  Top with one veal shank and spoon the ssauce over, including some almonds  and fruit. Serve immediately. Have small forks on hand to scoop out the  marrow from the bones.    To prepare ahead: Through step 5, reheating over a low flame when ready to  serve. If the sauce thickens too much, thin with a little more stock.    To order GMA recipes or to subscribe yearly please call: 1-800-543-4GMA  Single recipes $3 / Yearly $14.95    Air date on GMA 2/16/98    Busted by Barb on 2/20/98    Recipe by: Adventures in the Kitchen    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "abprice@wf.net" <abprice@wf.net> on Mar 22,  1998