Whoopies B-Flat Flatbread
Serrano or jalapeno peppers;, Sesame oil, Rice wine vinegar, Cucumber; peeled, seeded and, salt and pepper, Mint; chopped, Freshly squeezed lemon juice, To garnish, Salt, Onion; roughly chopped, salt and pepper, Whole head garlic; unpeeled, Freshly squeezed lemon juice, Water, Olive oil; cumin and cayenne, Flat leaf parsley; chopped, Ripe tomatoes; diced, Cloves garlic; mashed with, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, All purpose flour; (1 1/2 to, Bulgur wheat, Plain yogurt, FOR THE GARBANZO DIP, Garbanzo beans; (15 oz), FOR THE EGGPLANTYOGURT SPRE, FOR THE FLATBREAD, Sesame seeds; crushed, Firm eggplant, FOR THE CHILEMINT SALSA, 
The following recipe was featured during the presentation of Jumpin Jack  Flash during TBSs Dinner & a Movie.    1. Make the dough:Combine the water, salt and onion in the jar of a blender  and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a small saucepan and bring to  a boil. Place the bulgur in a medium mixing bowl, pour the onion mixture  over the bulgur and set aside for 15 minutes.    2. Add one cup flour to the bulgur and stir with a wooden spoon until  incorporated. Transfer the dough onto a floured board, put "Jumpin Jack  Flash" on the stereo and begin kneading. Add more flour only as needed to  keep the dough from sticking. When the songs over, stop kneading only long  enough to play it again from the top. The second time the song is finished  so is the dough, stop kneading. Cover the dough with a damp cloth and let  rest for 30 minutes.    3. Make the Garbanzo Dip:Combine all ingredients in the work bowl of a food  processor and process until smooth and well blended. Spread onto a dish,  drizzle olive oil in a trough down the center and dust with cayenne and  cumin..    4. Make the Chile-Mint Salsa:Combine and mix all ingredients in a serving  bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper.    5. Make the Eggplant-Yogurt Spread:Preheat oven to 425F. Pierce the  eggplant with a skewer in half a dozen places; wrap the garlic in foil.  Place both on a baking sheet and roast for 30-45 minutes. Peel the eggplant  under cold water, transfer to a colander and press out any bitter juices.  Cut the garlic in half and squeeze into a mixing bowl. Place the eggplant  in the bowl with the roasted garlic and mash with a fork until smooth. Fold  in the yogurt, olive oil and lemon. Season to taste with salt and pepper.    6. Bake the Flatbread:Evenly divide the dough into 12 pieces. Roll each  piece out as thinly as possible. Lay out flat on a lightly floured baking  sheet and bake on the floor of the preheated oven for 2 minutes before  flipping and finishing for one additional minute.    7. Eat the hot B-flat flatbreads right out of the oven by tearing off a  piece and scooping it into one or more of the dips.    NOTES : TBSs Dinner & a Movie  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by shade <liveoak@polaris.net> on Mar 4, 1998