Wild Wings
See instructions, 
I left Buffalo about 4 years ago, and boy, do I miss "real" wings!    And I too, hate vinegar. Here is a simple recipe I use at home when Im in  the mood for wings (I usually dont bother ordering wings anywhere other  than Buffalo, since many places dont even know that "Buffalo Wings" were  invented in Buffalo, let alone know how to make them correctly!) This may  not be exactly like the real thing, but I like it (and hey, thats what  counts, right?) Feel free to be creative. This is also great on chicken  fingers, fries, eggs, etc.  Wings: I am lazy here and use frozen pre-cut wings sold in 5 lb bags -  allow approximately 10 wings per person.    Deep fry in hot oil (sorry, I dont know exact temp) until thoroughly  cooked and skin is very crispy - do not overcook or meat will be dry, and  do not cook at too low a temp or skin will be slimy. "Real" wings are never  breaded, and baking usually does not get them crispy enough.    Immediately put in a big bowl with the sauce and toss to coat well (I use a  big plastic tupperware with a tight lid and just shake - be careful of  steam when opening).  Sauce: Put Franks Red Hot (Durkee) into a saucepan - about 1/3 to 1/2 big  bottle (Franks is the "authentic" brand to use here, and can be found in  gallon jars back home!)    Add any or all of the following to taste: garlic powder, cayenne powder,  hab powder, cumin, oregano (only a tiny bit), chipolte powder, etc. (dont  add salt - trust me!)    Gently warm the sauce to evaporate as much vinegar as desired. Keep an eye  on it and swirl or stir often, or your stove will get lots of  orange-colored splatters!    Just before removing from heat, and add a splash of lemon juice to taste  (the frozen from-concentrate stuff in the plastic bottle is fine).    Remove from heat and add butter and stir - dont keep on the heat or butter  will seperate and sauce will be greasy. The butter is an important  ingredient in "real" wing sauce, and really does add to the flavor. The  more butter used, the less heat the finished sauce will have (the quantity  of butter is the only difference in mild, medium, and hot wings; extra hot  and above usually have added stuff such as cayenne powder or tabasco  sauce). So, make the "raw" sauce hotter than desired so that the finished  sauce will be just right heat-wise.  Let me know if you try this and what variations/improvements you add!  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #081 by Buffalo Sue <bflosue@earthlink.net>  on Aug 13, 1997