Winter Squash Ravioli W/crisped Sage Leaves
olive oil, Salt and pepper, Parsley, Sage pesto, Parmesan, CRISPED SAGE LEAVES, Wonton wrappers, unsalted butter, Fresh sage leaves, Butternut squash, sea salt, BROWNED BUTTER SAUCE, olive oil, 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cut squash in half lengthwise, scoop out  seeds, brush surface with 1 tablespoon olive oil and place, cut side down,  on a baking sheet. Bake until completely soft, about 1 hour. Scoop flesh  out of the squash and pass through a food mill or ricer. Then mix squash  with pesto and cook in a small skillet over medium heat for about 5 minutes  or until all excess moisture has evaporated. Remove mixture from heat; stir  in cheese, parsley, salt and pepper. Let cool to room temperature before  assembling raviolis. To assemble: Place one wonton wrapper on counter, put  a heaping teaspoonful of squash mixture in the center, brush the edges  lightly with water, and place second wrapper atop the first. Carefully  pinch edges together all the way around to seal, then place completed  ravioli on a tray. Repeat. Should make about 2 dozen ravioli. Cook in small  batches in a large pot of salted, boiling water, being careful not to crowd  the ravioli. They should be done in two to four minutes. Remove from the  pot with a slotted spoon and drain briefly. Drizzle pasta with browned  butter, top with crisped sage leaves and serve. BROWNED BUTTER SAUCE: Bring  butter to a boil in a small, heavy pot. Reduce the heat and cook at a high  simmer, stirring constantly until it begins to brown. Be careful; dont let  it burn. When butter has browned, remove pan from the heat and pour the  liquid through a fine strainer. Refrigerate the butter and rewarm as needed  as a sauce over vegetables or pasta. CRISPED SAGE LEAVES: Preheat oven to  400 degrees. Rinse and thoroughly dry sage leaves. Pour about an inch of  olive oil in a small bowl. Dip leaves into oil, shake off excess, sprinkle  with salt and place leaves on a baking sheet. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes,  watching carefully, so that the leaves dont burn. Remove the leaves from  the baking sheet and place on a paper towel to drain until needed. Serves  4. Recipe adapted from "The Greens Cook Book" by Deborah Madison, Bantam,  1987. Formatted by Lynn Thomas dcqp82a@prodigy.com. Source: San Jose  Mercury News 3-11-98.    Recipe by: San Jose Mercury News 3-11-98    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on May 15,  1998