Yabby Ravioli with Wild Lime and Shiitake
Cream, RAVIOLI, Salt and pepper, Onion fine diced, Wild limes, Seafood stock, Leeks; julienne cut, Teasponn sugar, Shiitake mushrooms, Wine glass of Vermouth, A pinch of salt, Yabbies; (5 portions), Butter, GARNISH, Wonton skins, LEMON MYRTLE CREAM SAUCE, Butter, Ground Lemon myrtle, Egg white, Rhine Riesling, 
Prep. time 60 minutes    What Australians call crayfish (or crawfish, if youre from the South).  They have some unique ones in Oz. The West Australian Marron is probably  the most unique. It is black and very meaty. It is delicious, it has bigger  claws, smaller tail section. Only the shell is black, the meat is pure  white.    This recipe was developed by Gerhard Rist from the Hotel Nikko Bali. He is  now featuring an Australian menu in Bali as part of his international  offerings.    Drop the live yabbies into a large volume of boiling water to quickly kill  them. Drain and transfer to iced water to chill totally. Remove the flesh  from the tail and discard the alimentary canal. saute the julienne leek in  a little butter, add the yabby tails and Vermouth. Toss frequently until  all the liquid has evaporated and flavoured the yabbies which should be  half cooked at this stage. Remove yabbies and leeks and set aside to cool.  Place one yabby tail and a little of the leek onto a wonton wrapper. Brush  the wrapper around the yabby with egg white and set another wonton skin on  top of the yabby squeezing out any gaps. Using a round cutter, cut out a  circle keeping the yabby in the centre or alternatively, leave square. Put  aside under a damp tea towel until ready to cook.    Lemon myrtle cream sauce: saute the onion in a little butter until soft.  Add the stock and wine and reduce until nearly dry. Add the cream and  reduce by half. Strain through a fine strainer, return to the pan and  season to taste. Remove from heat, add the lemon myrtle and whisk in a  little cold butter before serving.    Garnish: saute the whole mushrooms and 6 small limes in a little butter.  Add the sugar,salt and the remainder of the limes towards the end.    To finish the dish, drop the ravioli into boiling salted water for 1 1/2 to  2 minutes until the wonton skin edges are al dent?. Drain and set in a ring  on a plate. Pile sauteed mushrooms and limes in the centre of the ring and  dress with the cream sauce. Top with a sprig of fresh herb.    from : http:// www.bushtucker.com.au/glossary.htm  Posted to FOODWINE Digest  by Abbott <labbott@MHO.NET> on Dec 25, 1997