Wild Mushroom Risotto
Marsala, Arborio rice, Dry white wine, Parmesan cheese, Butter, Salt, Garlic, Vegetable broth, olive oil, Yellow onion, Flat-leaf parsley, Wild mushrooms, fresh;*, 
* Porcini, morels, shiitake, Portobello, or other flavorful varieties. OR  use 1 lb fresh wild mushrooms and 1 1/2 oz dried porcini    Prepare the mushrooms: Clean them carefully under running water to get rid  of all the grit, and trim them as needed. Cut them into thin strips or  small chunks, depending on the size and variety. If you are using dried  porcini, soak them in enough boiling water to cover for about 1/2 hour, or  until they are pliable, then rinse them carefully under running water. Chop  them coarsely, and strain the soaking water through a coffee filter. Add  the strained water to the broth and set aside.    Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil and the butter in a non-stick pan, and stir  the garlic in it for a minute. Add the prepared fresh mushrooms and a dash  of salt, and saute them, stirring frequently, until they release their  moisture. Add the soaked and chopped porcini and keep stirring over medium  heat until all the mushrooms are tender and coloring around the edges.    Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large non-stick saute pan and  stir the chopped onion in it over medium heat until it is soft and barely  golden. At the same time, heat the broth to a simmer, cover it, and keep it  warm.    Add the rice to the sauteed onion and stir together for a few moments. Add  the Marsala and keep stirring as it cooks away--this will take a few  secons. Add the white wine, and when it has cooked away, stir in the  sauteed mushrooms and about a cup of the hot broth. Adjust the flame so  that the broth simmers gently with the rice, and stir it slowly with a  wooden spoon.    When the broth has almost all been absorbed, add another cup or so, and  continue in the same manner, stirring as often as possible, until most of  the broth is used and the rice is al dente--tender but firm. It will take  about 20 to 25 minutes.    When the rice has reached the right texture, stir in a last 1/2 cup of  broth, 2/3 cup of Parmesan cheese, and the chopped parsley. Serve the  risotto at once, in shallow bowls, and pass additional Parmesan cheese at  the table.    Source: "The New Vegetarian Epicure" by Anna Thomas  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #267    Date: Sun, 29 Sep 1996 23:55:33 +0000    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>