Wide Noodle Pasta with Red Sauce and Cannellini (Lf)
Whole white onion; chopped, Pasta; pappardelle, Sriracha or Tabasco, Cannellini beans; cooked,, Olive oil; as needed, Artichoke hearts; rinsed, Dried Oregano, Large cloves garlic;, salt and pepper, Roasted red bell peppers;, Sun-dried tomato pesto;, Cornstarch, Tomatoes; diced, Fat-free chicken broth; low, Chopped parsley, (12 to 15 oz), White wine; (fume blanc), Parmesan cheese; fresh, 
TOMATO MIX: In a food processor, coarsely chop the tomatoes, artichoke  hearts, and peppers. Transfer to a big bowl and add the chicken broth,  pesto, oregano and hot sauce. Dissolve the cornstarch in this mixture.    ONION MIX Meanwhile, in a large saucepan or wok over medium heat, sweat the  onion until well-browned, adding oil only if needed. Add chopped garlic to  wok and saute for 1 minute. Deglaze the pan with the wine.    BEAN SAUCE: Stirring constantly, add the tomato mixture to the wok and cook  into a sauce; adding more broth or water if needed. Adjust to taste with  salt and pepper. Add the cannellini beans and heat them. Add the parsley.    Meanwhile, cook the pasta al dente.  Drain.  Serve pasta on heated plates  (if possible) and spoon sauce over, garnish with freshly grated Asiago.    Variations/Substitutions Substitute 1 leek for the onion. Substitute 1  16-oz can of recipe ready ripe roma tomato concasse for the fresh tomato.  Substitute broad egg noodles for the pappardelle.    1995 (c) Lynn Fischer:  Healthy Indulgences "Pappardelle with Roasted Red  Peppers, Artichoke Hearts, and Cannellini Beans"  Posted to Digest eat-lf.v096.n158    Date: Thu, 19 Sep 1996 07:25:40 -0700 (PDT)    From: "Tina D. Bell" <tdbell@altair.csustan.edu>  NOTES : "Pappardelle is my pasta of choice for this and many other savory  dishes. It is a long, inch-wide flat pasta. Smaller shapes like fusilli or  penne are excellent too. A sure bet for a quick dinner, this recipe takes  20 minutes from start to finish. "This sauce is rich and creamy. Serve as  the second course with Italian bread." --patH (475 cals 3g fat) excludes  low-fat parmesan cheese Nutr. Assoc.  : 0 0 0 1124 0 1448 0 1471 0 1629 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0