Winter Wild Mushroom Risotto
cashews, Arborio rice, fresh thyme, Dry sherry, olive oil, Water, Vegetable stock, Nutmeg, Lemon zest, Salt, Shallots, Chives, Mixed fresh wild mushrooms, 
Bring the stock to a simmer in a heavy saucepan. Remove from heat. Cover to  keep warm.    Heat the sherry and oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat.  Add the shallots and saute until tender and beginning to brown, about 5  minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the mushrooms and thyme and saute  for 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir well.    Add enough stock just to cover. Stir until most of the stock is absorbed.    Add enough stock to cover again. Continue stirring and adding stock as  necessary until the rice is tender but still firm to the bite, about 20  minutes. Remove from heat.    Puree the water and cashews in a processor until smooth. Add to the rice  mixture along with the nutmeg. Cook, stirring, over low heat for 5 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper.    Sprinkle with chives and lemon zest.    PER SERVING: 385 calories, 12 g protein, 62 g carbohydrate, 10 g fat (2 g  saturated), 0 mg cholesterol, 9 mg sodium, 2 g fiber.    Recipes from Article, "Rainy-Night Suppers: Ten top chefs create sunny  Mediterranean dishes..." by Robin Davis, Chronicle Staff Writer, Wednesday,  February 18, 1998 (C) 1998 San Francisco Chronicle. URL:    Notes: Eric Tucker of Millenium enriches this vegan risotto by adding  cashew cream, a mixture of ground cashews and water. For the best flavor,  Tucker likes to use a mix of wild mushrooms, including black chanterelles  if he can find them. Sometimes he adds an ounce of dried porcini to the  vegetable stock to give it depth. Tucker serves this risotto over braised  kale or mustard greens, with French lentils alongside. To make the dish  even more special, drizzle with a few drops of white truffle oil.    Recipe by: Eric Tucker of Millenium, San Fran (1998)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 18,  1998