Whoopies
Butter; (3 sticks), Cream of tartar, Vanilla, Salt, Plus 2 tbsp milk, creamy white filling, Dbl acting bakig powder, Eggs, Generous pinch salt, Flour, Baking soda, milk, Butter, Sugar, Plus 1 tbsp cocoa powder, Vanilla, Plus 3 tbsp sifted flour, Sifted powdered sugar, 
Preheat oven to 375@. Cut 6 pieces of foil to fit cookie sheets. Sift  together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cream of tartar and salt  and set aside. In the large bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter.  Add the vanilla and sugar and beat to mix well. Add the eggs, one at a  time, beating well after each addition. Scrape bowl with a spatula as  needed. On low speed add the cocoa and then the sifted dry ingredients,  alternating with the milk, in 2 additions, beating only til smooth after  each addition. It is important for these cookies to be shaped evenly and as  close to the same size as possible. Fill a 1/4 cup measuring cup with  dough. Level it off and transfer dough to the foil. Shape each mound of  dough as round as possible. Place 5 mounds of dough on 1 piece of foil.  Slide a cookie sheet under each piece of foil and bake for 20 mins. The  cookies are done when they spring back very quickly and surely when lightly  pressed in he center with a fingertip. Slide the foil off the sheet and let  stand for a minute or two. Then with a metal spatula, loosen the cookies  and carefully transfer them to large racks to cool. You will have 27 very  large cookies. If they are not all the same size, pick out the ones the  match each other the most closely and form them into pairs. There will be  one left over. Now lay them out in pairs, opened, with the flat sides up.  FOR FILLING: Place the flour in a 1 quart saucepan. Add the milk gradually,  stirring with a rubber spatula. If the mixture is not smooth, strain it  before cooking. Place it over moderate heat. Cook, stirring and scraping  the bottom constantly with rubber spatula, til mixture becomes very thick  and bubbles slightly. Simmer, stirring, for about 2 mins. If necessary,  beat with a small wire whisk to make the mixture smooth. Stir in 1 tbsp of  the butter and set the mixture aside to cool at room temp. Stir  occasionally while cooling. Place the remaining butter in the large bowl of  an electric mixer and beat til it is slightly softened. Gradually add the  salt, vanilla and sugar and beat well for about 2 mins, scraping bowl as  necessary with spatula. Gradually add the cooled flour mixture. Then beat  at high speed for a minute or two til the filling is smooth, light and  fluffy. TO ASSEMBLE: Place a generous heaping tablespoonful of the filling  on the center of one of each pair of cookies. With the back of a spoon  spread the filling out to about 1/2" from the edges. Top with another  cookie, flat side down. Press down gently on the top cookie. Press all  around to spread filling almost to the edges. Store in the refrigerator or  freezer (in both cases, put wax paper between the cookies to prevent  sticking).    Recipe from The Great Book of Chocolate Desserts    Recipe by: Book of Great Chocolate Desserts via Sacto Bee    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by Cairn Rodrigues <cairnann@yahoo.com> on Feb  16, 1998