Wickedly Rich Double Fudge Brownies
Unsalted butter, walnuts, MOCHA FUDGE FROSTING, Vanilla extract, Salt, Light corn syrup, Eggs, Unsweetened chocolate, Vanilla extract, Flour, Granulated sugar, Evaporated milk, Semisweet chocolate, Light corn syrup, Instant coffee granules, Unsalted butter, BROWNIES, walnuts, Cognac, 
YIELD: 20 small brownies DIFFICULTY: * PREPARATION: 30 minutes plus baking,  cooling and chilling times. Allow the brownies to stand overnight before  cutting.  1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.  Line a 9-inch square baking pan with aluminum foil so that the foil extends  2 inches beyond two opposite sides of the pan. Fold the overhang down along  the outside of the pan. Lightly butter the bottom of the foil-lined pan.    2.In the top of a double boiler set over hot, not simmering, water, melt  the chocolate with the butter, stirring frequently until smooth. Remove the  top part of the double boiler from the bottom and transfer the chocolate  mixture to a large bowl. Let the chocolate mixture cool for about 10  minutes, or until tepid.    3.Add the sugar and salt to the tepid chocolate mixture. Using a hand-held  electric mixer set at low speed, beat the mixture for 15 to 20 seconds,  until blended. Scrape the bottom and side of the bowl with a rubber  spatula. Beat in the corn syrup and the vanilla.    4.One at a time, add the eggs, beating for no longer than 5 seconds after  each addition. Using a rubber spatula, stir in the flour mixture. Stir in  the walnuts.    5.Scrape the batter into the pan and spread it evenly with the back of a  spoon.    6.Bake the brownies for 30 to 35 minutes, until a wooden toothpick inserted  into the center comes out slightly creamy. Do not overbake the brownies.  Cool the brownies completely in the pan set on a wire rack.    Make the mocha fudge frosting:    1.In a small cup, stir together vanilla and coffee granules.    2.Melt the chocolate according to the instructions given in the Chocolate  Melting Tips.    3.Put the milk, corn syrup, butter and vanilla/coffee mixture into the  container of an electric blender. If desired, add the cognac or rum. Add  the melted chocolate. Cover and blend at low speed for 20 to 45 seconds,  until the frosting is thick and creamy. Use the frosting immediately.    4.Using a small offset metal cake spatula, frost the brownies with the  mocha fudge frosting. Sprinkle the walnuts over the top of the frosted  brownies. Chill the brownies in the pan for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the  frosting has set. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and let the brownies sit  overnight at room temperature.    5.Using the two ends of the foil as handles, lift the brownies out of the  pan. With a large, sharp knife, cut the brownies into bars. Remove the  brownies from the foil and store them in an airtight container at room  temperature for up to 4 days.  Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #182 by docden <docden@mnl.v-link.net> on  Aug 06, 1997