Yeast Dough Hamentaschen
Eggs, Finely chopped walnuts or, Lemon or orange zest, MOHNFULLUNG; (POPPY SEED, (2 1/2 teaspoons) active dry, Poppy seed; crushed or, Warm water; (105-110 degrees, Vegetable oil; melted, Sugar or honey or any, Lemon or orange juice; or, About 4 cups unbleached, Table salt or 2 teaspoons, Salt, Sugar, Water or milk, Golden raisins or chopped, 
>From the World of Jewish Cooking by Gil Marks:    Dissolve the yeast in 1/4 cup of the water. Stir in 1 teaspoon of the sugar  and let stand until foamy, 5-10 minutes.    Add the remaining water, remaining sugar, oil, margarine, or butter, eggs,  and salt. Blend in 1 1/2 cups of the flour. Add the remaining flour, 1/2  cup at a time, until the mixture holds together.    On a lightly floured surface, knead the dough until smooth and elastic,  about 10 minutes.    Place in a greased bowl, turning to coat. Cover with a towel or plastic  wrap and let rise at room temperature until double in bulk, about 1 1/2  hours, or in the refrigerator overnight. (The dough is easier to handle  when chilled, which is beneficial for cakes that require rolling.)    Pour down the dough.    Divide the dough into thirds. On a lightly floured surface, roll out each  dough piece 1/4 inch thick. Cut out 3 to 4-inch rounds.    Place 1 tablespoon filling in the center of each dough round. Pinch the  bottom side of the dough round together over the filling. Fold down the top  flap and pinch the other two sides together to form a triangle, leaving  some filling exposed in the center. (The hamantaschen can be prepared ahead  to this point and frozen for several months. Defrost before baking.)    Place the cookies 2 inches apart on several greased baking sheets. Cover  and let rise at room temperature until nearly double, about 1 hour.    Preheat the over to 350 degrees.    Brush the tops of the hamantaschen with a egg wash (consisting of 1 egg  beaten with 1 tablespoon water). Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes.  Transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely.    FILLINGS:    Mohnfullung (Poppy Seed Filling): Combine the poppy seeds, water or milk,  sugar, or honey, and salt in a small saucepan. Simmer over medium-low heat,  stirring frequently, until the mixture thickens, about 10 minutes.    Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining ingredients. Let cool, and  store in the refrigerator if not using immediately. Yields about 2 cups.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest Volume 98 #014 by Minelle Paloff  <cen17268@centuryinter.net> on Jan 09, 1998