Winter Squash W/shallots, Peppers, Pine Nuts and Sage (r T)
Winter Squash, Pine Nuts, Red Bell Pepper, Diced, Balsamic vinegar, Allspice, Shallots, Salt And Pepper, To Taste, Rubbed Sage, *Note, 
*NOTE: Original recipe gave the options of using 1 tsp ground sage or 1/4 C  slivered fresh sage leaves.    Reggies NOTE: Original recipe used 1 tsp olive oil to divide and smear  over the parchment paper. I omitted the 1 tsp of olive oil and just gave  the parchment a very quick spritz of nonstick cooking spray.    Any winter squash is suitable here - try acorn, butternut or delicata.  Pasta with garlic, parsley and Parmesan cheese makes a perfect  accompaniment.    Preheat the oven to 425 deg F. Cut squash in half and scoop out and discard  seeds. Cut crosswise into 1" slices. Peel the slices and cut each one  crosswise into 1/4" pieces.    Peel shallots and separate them into individual cloves. Cut each clove in  half crosswise.    In a large bowl, toss together squash, shallots, bell pepper, vinegar,  sage, salt and pepper.    Rub each parchment sheet with 1/4 tsp oil (I gave them a very quick spray  of nonstick cooking spray) to prevent squash from sticking onto each sheet,  making sure that the shallots are evenly distributed. Sprinkle each portion  with a scant pinch of allspice and 1/2 tsp of pine nuts.    Seal the packets as directed below. Bake for 25 minutes or until vegetables  are tender.    Cut, Fill, and Seal Methods for the parchment paper: Classic Hearts: Cut 4  sheets of parchment, approx 15 x 18". Fold each sheet in half to create  approx 15 x 9" rectangles. Cut rectangles into half-heart shapes (as if you  were making valentines). Open the hearts and mound 1/4 of the filling  mixture near the center and to one side of the crease. When all the  ingredients have been added, close the paper over the filling so the edges  of the paper meet. Beginning at the rounded end, fold over about 1/4" of  paper and crease the fold sharply. Fold over again and crease. Work your  way around the paper, folding both edges in together and creasing sharply  to create overlapping pleasts. Twist the pointy end tightly to seal. Place  filled hearts on baking sheets, 1 per sheet.    Rolling Method: This style is not as pretty, but its easier, quicker, and  uses less oven space. Cut four approx 15" square sheets of parchment. Mound  1/4 of the filling in the center of a sheet. When all the ingredients have  been added, bring opposite edges of the paper together and fold over  several times. Fold ends under several times and tuck underneath the  packet. Place filled packets on a baking sheet.    This was extremely good. We put it over homemade spaghetti and it didnt  need a sauce at all.    Entered into MasterCook and tested for you by Reggie & Jeff Dwork  <reggie@reggie.com>    NOTES : Cal  135.8, Fat 3.5g, Carb 25.5g, Fib 2.5g, Pro 4.8g, Sod 15mg, CFF  20.8%.  Recipe by: Veggie Life, Mar 1997    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n041 by Reggie Dwork <reggie@reggie.com> on  Feb 12, 1997.