Yellow Cake Mix
Salt, Cake flour, Vegetable shortening, Baking Powder, 
Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt; stir to blend; resift with  sugar.  Cut the shortening into the dry ingredients until the mixture looks  crumbly.  Label and store in asealed plastic bag at room temperature. Makes  1 pakage mix. Each package makes two 8 or 9 inch layers or one 9 x 13 x 2  inch rectangle.    TO USE: Pour 1 package of mix into a mixing bowl; add 3/4 cup milk and 1  1/4 teaspoons vanilla extract. Using either an electric or manual rotary  beater, beat at slow to medium speed for two minutes (by hand, beat 3  minutes averaging 135 strokes per minute). Scrape the sides of the bowl  frequently as you beat. Add 2 eggs; beat 1 minute more (2 minutes by hand).  Grease and dust with flour your choice of pan(s); spread batter evenly in  pans.  Bake round cake pans at 375 degrees F. for about 25 minutes or until  a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean; bake the 9 x 13 x 2  inch pan for 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool  cake(s) for 10 minutes in their pan(s) before turning out on racks.    WHITE CAKE: Follow the same directions as for Yellow Cake replacing the 2  eggs with 3 unbeaten egg whites.  Use an electric mixer for beating.    SPICE CAKE: Add to the package of Yellow Cake Mix: 1/4 cup sugar, 1  teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves, and a pinch of ground  allspice. Follow Yellow Cake directions.    EXTRACT FLOVORED CAKES: Replace the vanilla in either the Yellow or White  Cake recipes with 2 to 3 teaspoons of the extract of your choice.  You may  want to add a few drops of food coloring for the flavors like lemon,  orange, or cherry, etc.    FRESH ORANGE CAKE: Pour 1 package of Yellow Cake Mix into a bowl; add 2  tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange peel (1 teaspoon  dried).  Squeeze the juice from 1 large orange and add to it enough water  to measure 1 cup. Add this orange juice to the mix, beat for 2 minutes as  directed previously; add 2 eggs; beat and bake as directed.    CUPCAKES: Pour cake batter into greased cupcake tins or tins lined with  paper baking cups; fill 1/2 to 2/3 full.  Bake at 375 degrees F. for 20 to  25 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Makes about 2  dozen.    NOTE: To prevent a cake from sticking to its pan, put the pan on a wet  towel to cool as soon as you take it out of the oven.    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #142    Date: Sun, 7 Jul 1996 22:22:48 -0600    From: Shirley Jordan <shirleyj@pacificrim.net>    Recipe By     : Make Your Own Groceries - Hartwig