Yam Curry
Fresh tomatoes (or use 8 oz, Chopped coriander leaves, (cilantro), Tender yams, Garlic, Peppercorns, Ground coriander, To taste  salt, In fresh ginger root, Chili powder (or use cayenne, Vegetable oil for deep, Canned tomatoes), Cumin seeds, Cups water, Yogurt, Green cardamoms, To 2 Tbsp salt, Turmeric, Pepper), To 3 Tbsp  vegetable oil, Inch stick cinnamon, Bay leaf, Garam masala (optional), Frying, 
The yams in this dish are cooked in a sauce very  much  like that  traditionally used  for meat. Serve with chapatis and rice. The recipe is  derived from one  in  The  Hamlyn  Curry Cookbook, by Meera Taneja, which  I recommend highly.    (1)  Peel the yams, cut them into 1 inch  cubes,  place in a colander and  sprinkle liberally with salt. Let stand 10-15 minutes, then dry on paper  towels.    (2)  Meanwhile, finely  chop  the  onion,  ginger,  and garlic, and roughly  chop the tomatoes. Heat the il over a moderate flame, add the cumin seed,  and cook until they begin to splutter. Add the chopped onion, ginger, and  garlic. Cook until the onion is a rich golden color. Add all the spices and  season with salt to taste. Cook a few seconds more, and then add the  tomatoes. Let this cook while you continue as below.    (3)  Heat the oil for deep frying to  350  deg.  F  and cook the yam cubes,  a few at a time, until golden brown. Drain on absorbent kitchen paper. Set  aside.    (4)  Add the yogurt to the tomato mixture, and continue to cook until the  oil begins to separate out. Add the water and bring to a boil. Let boil a  few minutes, then add the yam cubes, reduce heat, and simmer, covered, for  about 25 minutes.    (5)  Serve hot, garnished with the chopped coriander.    Difficulty: easy to moderate.  Time: 1 hour preparation,  30 minutes  cooking.  Precision: measure the ingredients.    From: ucismas@issc.unocal.com (Melyssa S.).  rfvc Digest V94 Issue #208,  Sept. 26, 1994.Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using  MMCONV.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/vegcook2.zip