Winter Vegetable Ragout with Carmelized Whole Shallots
Parsnips (about 1 1/2 pounds, Salt, Raisins, Turnips (about one pound, All purpose flour, Butter or alternative, Dry white wine, Chopped fresh mint, Chopped fresh dill, Water, Ground tumeric, Chopped fresh tarragon, Chopped fresh chives, Plain yogurt, Leek and mushroom broth or, Shallots, Or 5 large green chard, olive oil, Rutabagas (about 1 pound, Carrots (about 1 pound total, Fresh ground black pepper, 
Preheat oven to 350. Bring a saucepan full of water to a boil. Add the  shallots and parboil for 5 minutes. Drain, let cool, and then remove the  papery skins. Trim off the tips of the root ends, but do not cut into the  flesh or the shallots may not stay intact during cooking. Set aside.    Scrub the vegetables, but do not peel them. Cut the thick upper parts of  the parsnips into 1 1/2 inch pieces. Leave the thin root end intact. Cut  each turnip and rutabaga into quarters, then halve the quarters to make 8  pieces in all. Cut the carrots into 1 1/2 inch lengths.    Remove the white ribs from the chard (reserve for another use). Cut the  chard greens into chiffonade strips by stacking them, rolling them up  lengthwise into a thin cigar shape, then cutting across into 1/8-inch-wide  "threads."    In a large flameproof casserole over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the  buttter (or butter replacement such as spectrum spread) with the olive oil.  When the mixture begins to foam, add the parsnips, turnips, rutabagas, and  carrots. Saute, turning frequently, until well coated and slightly  softened, 5 to 6 minutes.    In a small bowl, stir together the flour, salt, pepper, and tumeric.  Sprinkle the mixture over the vegetables. Cook, turning the vegetables  often, until the flour mixture has begun to brown, 3 or 4 minutes. Add the  wine, stir for a minute or two, and then add the broth, water, half of the  chard, and all of the raisins. Cover, place in the oven, and bake until the  vegetables are tender when pierced with the tines of a fork, about 45  minutes.    While the vegetables are baking, finish preparing the shallots. Heat the  remaining 1 tablespoon of butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the  shallots and increase the heat to medium high. Cook the shallots, stirring  and turning constantly, 3 to 4 minutes. The shallots will begin to brown  and carmelize slightly yet still retain their shape.    To finish the ragout, remove the casserole from the oven and stir in the  cooked shallots and the remaining chard. In a small bowl, stir together the  dill, tarragon, mint, and chives. Spoon the ragout into shallow bowls or  plates and top each portion with several spoonfuls of yogurt and a generous  spoonful of mixed herbs. Serve immediately.    BY Georgeanne Brennan  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by Julie Bertholf <jewel1@ix.netcom.com> on  Feb 24, 1998