Yam Wunsen Sai Mu (Noodle Soup W/pork)
Spring onions (green, Phak chi (whole coriander, Soup stock, Sliced phak bung (swamp, FOR THE MARINADE, Garlic, Prik Thai; about (ground, Wunsen (cellophane, Fish sauce, Garlic, Ground pork, Maggi sauce, FOR THE SOUP, Fish sauce, Prik Thai (ground black, Rice flour (or cornstarch), 
Date: Sat, 16 Mar 1996 08:41:21 -0500    From: The Meades <kmeade@ids2.idsonline.com> (by way of  If ever there was a subject close to my heart (well, my stomach is  close to my heart -- especially when I overeat), it is noodle soups.  I guess that I eat a noodle soup or stir fried noodle dish about 8  times a week, and the repeat cycle is about 3 months. However, they  have a nasty tendency to read rather repetitively: the techniques and  basic principles involved come down to 4 or 5 "signature" dishes, of  which this is one.    When a soup is described as a "yam", it means that everything is just  tossed into the stock as it simmers. This soup is also sometimes  called Kaeng Jued Wunsen (Kaeng Jued implies a rather bland soup --  by Thai standards!).    This can be made with a variety of ingredients, but the most  interesting are probably pork (as here), beef, chicken, shrimp, meat  balls, fish balls, shrimp balls, or "monkey balls" (a mixed meat ball  ~ not actually made from monkey meat!), or one of the various Thai  sausages, as well as vegetarian options (for a quick veggie variation  try marinating some tofu in dark sweet soy sauce for about 3 hours  and then using that instead of the pork).    Maggi sauce is a dark (nearly black) sauce made by the Maggi  corporation, and widely available...    Method: Mix the marinade ingredients, mix with the ground pork, and  make the pork into small meat balls, then set aside and leave to  marinate for 3 or 4 hours.    Soak and drain the noodles.    Bring the stock to a boil and add all the ingredients except the  noodles, and continue to boil until the meatballs are cooked through,  when they will float.    Remove from the heat, pour into a serving bowl and add the noodles  (note the immersion in the near boiling soup is enough to cook the  noodles).    Serve with the usual Thai table condiments (nam pla prik [chilies in  fish sauce], prik dong [chilies in vinegar], sugar, prik phom [ground  chilies], and ground peanuts. Colonel Ian F. Khuntilanont-Philpott  Systems Engineering, Vongchavalitkul University, Korat 30000, Thailand    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V2 #270    From Glen Hoseys Recipe Collection Program, hosey@erols.com  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #239    Date: Mon, 02 Sep 1996 12:02:26 -0400    From: Walt Gray <waltgray@mnsinc.com>