Wonton Soup
BROTH, Pork neck bones, ham bone, ginger, Chinese dried fish, Chinese roast pork, Garlic, Msg, Sesame oil, wonton wrappers, Egg wash, Bok choy leaves, Wonton Filling, Cornstarch, yellow food colouring, black pepper, Water, Shao hsing wine, Fowl, Dried chicken wings, Ground pork, ducks feet, Thin soy sauce, 
To Make The Wontons: In a bowl combine all the filling ingredients. Open  the wonton wrappers and keep them under a dampened cloth. Place a wrapper  on a surface with a corner pointing toward you. Brush the egg wash along  the four edges of the wrapper. Place a second wrapper on top and press the  edges together to seal. Put 2 teaspoons of filling on the center of the  wrapper. Pick up the corner closest to you and fold the wrapper over the  filling, making a triangle with the long side at the bottom, closest to  you. Press down on the edges to seal in the filling while at the same time  pushing out any air. Put egg wash on the top of the left tip and the bottom  of the right tip. Keeping the wonton flat on the surface, bend the tips  toward you and cross them, putting the right tip on top of the left tip.  Squeeze together to seal. Repeat with remaining filling. Reserve prepared  wontons on a tray covered with a cloth. You can keep formed wontons in your  refrigerator for up to 3 hours, or, to keep them longer, freeze them on the  tray and, when frozen, knock tray on edge of table to loosen them and put  them into plastic bag, seal it and return them to the freezer. They will  keep for up to 1 month. To Make The Broth: Heat 1 gallon or water to a boil  in a stockpot. Add pork neck bones, fowl, ham bone, dried fish, ducks feet,  chicken wings, celery, carrots, onions and scallions. Bring to a boil and  simmer 1 1/2 hours, then drain. To drained stock add yellow food coloring,  msg, wontons, bok choy, and slivers of pork. Simmer for 10 minutes and  serve.    Yield: 6 to 8 servings TASTE SHOW #TS4907    Recipe by: David Rosengarten    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #814 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Sep 28, 1997