Yankee Turkey Stuffing Information
***  NON   NE *****, 
I have reconstructed the feature article on the subject of Turkey Stuffing  from the November 1996 issue of Yankee Magazine. Some pages were missing  from my copy of the issue and some pages were damaged. The following is  what survived. It appears that, in a previous issue, Yankee asked readers  for recipes, stories and information about turkey stuffing. They received  mail from Florida, Ontario, Iowa, West Virginia, Connecticut, Rhode Island,  Massachusetts, California and Vermont.    Summary of discussion re: "dressing" versus "stuffing": The terms are both  used equally in all regions; they do not denote different foods. The only  regional variations in either dressing or stuffing are - a fondness for  adding apples in VT and NH - a disinclination among most New Englanders to  include numeats, i.e., chestnuts, pecans, walnuts, hickory and butternuts,  but nutmeats do appear in recipes from NY state and points south and west  Most stuffings are based on bread, though potatoes mixed with bread came in  a surprisingly strong second. Crackers were a distant third and there are  actually people out there who are fond and *proud* of stuffing their  Thanksgiving bird with oatmeal. There was rice, but not much and perhaps  not surprisingly, the cornbread contingent was darn ear silent. It would  take some crust to admit to Yankee that you went south at Thanksgiving.    The Gentle Art of Stuffing    Numerous experiments have established that an unstuffed turkey has juicier  meat and is easier and quicker to roast than the tradional holiday bird. So  what? Turkey parts work better than whole turkeys, if it comes to that, and  in any case were not in this for th turkey (extreme stuffing recipes call  for discarding it after the stuffing is done). Be sure to choose a turkey  with ample skin at the back for closure and a large, intact flap of skin at  the neck. This area, known as the crop, can hold as much stuffing as the  inside of the bird. Measurements are always approximate -- a little more or  less of anything wont hurt the finished product. If Aunt Maude hates the  chestnuts that Cousin Frank loves, add them to only part of the stuffing  and put it in the neck cavity. Old-fashioned stuffing and forcemeat recipes  tend to be very rich, at least partly because old-fashioned turkeys were  very lean; fat in the stuffing provided continual basting from within.  Turkey still needs all the help it can get, so the less fat you use in your  stuffing the more important it is to include things like apples and celery  which will add moisture with minimum risk of sog. Dont stuff the bird  until youre ready to cook it, and remove the stuffing promptly after the  roast has been served. Bacteria multiply rapidly in that slow-cooling,  airless interior. Several readers made a point of reporting that theyd  always stuffed the turkey the night before and they werent dead yet. But  the people who *did* die may have been too busy to write, so Im not sure  that proves anything. Mrs. Hill was right. Dont cram. Bread stuffing needs  to expand as it cooks and will end up gummy if its rammed in there too  tight. It may also explode outward, ruining the look of the turkey and  making a roya lmess of the oven. Bake extra stuffing in a well-buttered  shallow casserole for about an hour at 350F. Cover for the first 40 minutes  or so then uncover and dot with butter so the top can take a nice crust.    Recipe by: Yankee Magazine, November 1996. Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1  #662 by Peg Baldassari <Baldassari@CompuServe.COM> on Jul 9, 1997