Wild Mushroom Phyllo Strudel
Freshly grated nutmeg, Chopped fresh flat-leaf, Hot pepper sauce (up to 3), 12x17-inch sheets phyllo, Fresh Lemon Juice, MOCK SOUR CREAM, Mushrooms; shiitake, oak,, Crumbled feta cheese (4, STRUDEL, Loosely packed spinach, Chopped fresh thyme, Fresh whole wheat bread, 1-percent low-fat cottage, Black Pepper, Nonfat plain yogurt, Sliced shallots, 
Heat a large nonstick saute pan over medium high heat. Add the spinach and  cook for about 3 minutes, stirring, until wilted. Transfer to a colander  and press to extract the excess liquid. Transfer to a cutting board and  chop. Set aside.    Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Lightly coat a baking sheet with vegetable  oil spray.    In a food processor, combine the mushrooms and shallots and pulse to chop  coarsely. Heat a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the  mushroom shallot mixture, the thyme, nutmeg, and pepper, reduce the heat to  medium low, and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until  most of the moisture evaporates. Stir in the cheese and spinach and cook,  stirring, until the cheese softens. Stir in the parsley and bread crumbs.  Spread out onto a large platter or tray to cool.    Lay 1 sheet of phyllo on a work surface with a long side facing you and  spray lightly with vegetable oil spray. Top with a second sheet and  continue stacking and spraying all 5 sheets of phyllo. Spoon the cooled  mushroom mixture lengthwise across the phyllo 1 to 2 inches from the  bottom, making a long mound. Fold the bottom of the dough over the filling  and roll up. Tuck the ends under and place, seam side down, on the baking  sheet. Spray the top of the strudel with vegetable oil spray. Bake for 35  to 40 minutes, until the pastry is a rich golden brown. Remove from the  oven and let cool for 15 minutes before serving.    To make the mock sour cream, combine the cottage cheese, yogurt, lemon juic  e, and hot pepper sauce in a blender or food processor. Blend or pulse to a  smoot h consistency.    Cut the warm strudel into slices and serve with the mock sour cream on the  side.    Yield: 8 servings    Per Serving: 146 calories, 4g fat, 14mg cholesterol, 9g protein, 1g fiber,      337 mg sodium  Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n238 by "Tina D. Bell"  <tdbell@altair.csustan.edu> on Sep 19, 1997