Winter Vegetable Stock
Ribs from romaine], Squares, Plus some leaves, diced, Chard leaves, lettuce or, Carrots, peeled and diced, Lentils, rinsed, Handfuls borage leaves,, Salt, Chopped, Chard stems, cut into 1-inch, Nettles, Bay Leaves, Onion, diced into 1/2-inch, Nutritional yeast (optional;, Celery root, scrubbed and, Cloves garlic, peeled, Sage leaves, Branches parsley, roughly, Chopped, Lengths, I always include it), Branches thyme or 1/4 teas, [I make a mixed green salad, Leek greens, roughly, Squash seeds and skins, Potato [cubed], or 1 cup, Cold water, Butter or olive oil, To 4 outer stalks of celery,, Thick potato parings, And include outer leaves and, Winter squash, cubed, or, Diced, Dried thyme, 
From _Greens_, by Deborah Madison.    Heat the butter or oil in a wide pot, add the vegetables, herbs, garlic,  salt, nutritional yeast, if using, and 1/2 cup water, and stew over  medium-low heat for 15-20 minutes. Pour in the 8 cups water and bring to a  boil; then simmer, patially covered, for 30-40 minutes. Pour the stock  through a sieve and press out as much of the liquid as possible. Use as is,  or reduce it further for a richer flavor. Taste and season with more salt  if needed.    NOTES: No one flavor dominates in this complex, full-bodied stock, so it  can be used unobtrusively in simple soups... or as a broth in stews and  rice dishes. The proportions are roughly 7 cups vegetables to 8 cups water  to yield 4 to 6 cups stock, depending on how long it is cooked or reduced.  Use different vegetables from those listed if they would better compliment  the dish in which the stock will be used.    Comments: In this chapter of the book, the author discusses stock  ingredients and their properties, so that one may make substitions with  confidence.  She lists the must-haves and the never-use. The stock is my  standard and favorite.    From Amberlyn. rfvc Digest V94 Issue #210. Sept. 28, 1994. Formatted by Sue  Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/fatfreex.zip