Winter Fajitas
Packed fresh cilantro (stems, Chopped red onion, Amber beer; such as Dos, Tomato-based bottled hot, (6-inch) flour tortillas;, olive oil, Onion (about 1 pound);, Skirt steak; cut into 1-inch, Nonstick cooking spray, Chipotles adobado; with, -(up to), Fresh lime juice, Tequila, Heavy sweet red peppers;, Guacamole, Liquid hickory smoke, Pico de gallo, Salt, 
These indoor fajitas are for the dead of winter, when the grill is buried  under a snowdrift, or for any time, really, when you just dont want to  cook outdoors. This marinade is slightly different from the one we use for  our grilled fajitas (above), it boosts the flavor with chipotles and liquid  smoke flavoring to make up for the lack of an open flame. Cook these in one  or two heavy cast-iron skillets or on a large ridged cast-iron grill pan  that will fit across two burners. (Those cute little fajita skillets that  come with a wood or wicker holder are useless for cooking on, but two or  three can be preheated and used as serving pieces.) Be sure to turn off the  smoke alarm before setting out to make this recipe.     In a food processor, puree the salsa, red onions, cilantro, 2 tablespoons  of the olive oil, the chipotles, tequila, lime juice, and liquid smoke.  Stir in the beer. In a shallow nonreactive dish, pour the marinade over the  skirt steak and let it stand at room temperature, covered, turning it once  or twice, for 2 hours.     Heat one or two heavy cast-iron skillets or a cast-iron stove-top grill  pan over medium-high heat. When they are very hot, lightly coat the  skillets with nonstick cooking spray. Letting the excess marinade drip off,  and working in batches if necessary, place the meat in the skillets. Cook,  turning once or twice, until browned on the outside and medium-rare inside,  4 to S minutes per side. Transfer the meat to a cutting board and let it  rest for 10 minutes.     Meanwhile, in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, warm the remaining 2  tablespoons of olive oil. Stir in the onions and sweet red peppers, season  with salt, and cook, covered, stirring once or twice, for 8 minutes.     Cut the meat, across the grain and at a slight angle, into thin slices.  Add the meat and any juices from the cutting board to the skillet with the  onions and peppers. Raise the heat to high and cook uncovered, tossing and  stirring, until the meat is heated through and the onions and peppers are  lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to heated fajita pans or a large  heated platter and serve immediately, accompanied by warmed tortillas, pico  de gallo, and guacamole.     Note: "chipotles abobabo" are pickled peppers in tomato sauce.     From the "El Paso Chili Companys Texas Border Cookbook" by Park and Norma  Kerr.    AT986@FREENET.CARLETON.CA    (WARD TOMLINSON)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.