Wontons (Cha Yun Tuns) -- Chinese
Raw shrimp; peeled and, Finely shredded and chopped, Salt and white pepper, Ground chicken; or pork, Sesame oil and rice vinegar, Lite soy sauce, Green onions; finely chopped, Cornstarch, Hot Oriental chili paste, Egg white, Water chestnuts; finely, Wonton wrappers, 
In bowl, combine chicken, shrimp, cabbage, water chestnuts, green onions,  soy sauce, cornstarch, sesame oil, vinegar, chili paste, salt, and pepper  until well mixed. Stir in egg white until well blended. Chill for 10  minutes. Arrange wonton wrappers on work surface. Place spoonful of filling  on each. Brush edges with bit of water. Fold dough over into triangle;  pinch edges to seal. Press little pleats into the sealed edge for  decoration. Place on nonstick baking sheet lightly dusted with cornstarch.  Cover with dry kitchen towel. Lightly oil bottom of steamer basket with  sesame oil. Arrange dumplings in basket, about 12 at a time. Place over  boiling water. Steam for 4 minutes or until shiny and filling is no longer  pink.    Exchanges: Starch Exchange -- 1&1/2 Very Lean Meat Exchange -- 1    Calories -- 162 Total Fat -- 2g Saturated Fat -- 1g Cholesterol -- 63mg  Sodium -- 110mg Potassium -- 173mg Carbohydrate -- 21g Protein -- 14g    Recipe for Monday, 3/9/98 This weeks recipes are from the cookbook  World-Class Diabetic Cooking, featuring more than 200 great-tasting, exotic  dishes from around the globe that are low in fat and calories. You can  order a copy of this and many other cookbooks from our online bookstore or  call 1-800-ADA-ORDER (1-800-232-6733).    Copyright ? 1998 American Diabetes Association    MC Formatted & Busted by Barb at Possum Kingdom on 3/26/98    NOTES : 8 servings/Serving size: 1/8 recipe All sorts of dumplings or  little packages similar to these turn up in Chinese cooking and are an  integral part of dim sum. Like pyrohys, they are also similar to Italian  ravioli. To turn them into pot stickers, brown the bottoms in a nonstick  skillet before steaming.    Recipe by: http://www.diabetes.org/ada/rcptoday.html    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "abprice@wf.net" <abprice@wf.net> on Mar 26,  1998