Winter Squash with Black Bean Salsa Mev
Sun-dried tomatoes; finely, Fresh Cilantro, Acorn squash; halved, seeds, Ground red pepper (cayenne, Mashed squash, Chopped red bell pepper, SAUCE, Salt, Evaporated skim milk, Onions, White pepper, GARNISH, Light olive oil with a dash, Frozen corn niblets, Canned low salt black beans;, Freshly squeezed lime juice, Serrano chilies; finely, Fresh Cilantro, Ground cumin, Freshly squeezed lime juice, 
1. Preheat the oven to 350? F (177? C). Put the squash halves, skin side  up, on a rack in a roasting pan and bake for 40 minutes or until very soft.  Set aside to cool.    2. Heat the oil in a high-sided skillet over medium high heat. Fry the  onion, stirring often so it won?t scorch, for about 3 minutes or until it  becomes translucent. Add the red bell peppers, serranos, and dried  tomatoes, stir and cook for another 3 minutes. Stir in the corn, beans,  cayenne pepper, lime juice, cilantro and salt. Set aside while you prepare  the molds.    3. Peel the baked squash and discard the peelings. Mash the squash with a  potato masher and reserve 1 cup for the sauce. (If the recipe has been  scaled, you will need to adjust this amount).    4. Spray MEV molds or other 1-cup molds with vegetable oil cooking spray.  Scoop 1/2 cup squash into each mold and press to cover the bottom and all  the way up the sides, saving enough for the top. Divide the salsa among the  molds and press down. Cover the top with the rest of the mashed squash and  press down gently. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes to heat  through.    5. Place the reserved squash in a blender and whiz, using just enough of  the evaporated milk to keep it moving. When it is very smooth, add the rest  of the milk, the white pepper, cumin, and lime juice and whiz just to mix.  Pour into a small saucepan and place over medium heat until heated through.    TO SERVE 4 PEOPLE: Unmold each MEV onto a hot dinner plate, pour sauce  around the edges, and sprinkle some chopped cilantro over the top. Serve  with Steamed Mixed Greens (see recipe) alongside.    NOTES : Please look at the description of MEVs, an acronym for Molded  Ethnic Vegetables, in the Every Modern Means book before you attempt this  recipe.    Posted to MasterCook Digest V1 #277 by Peg Baldassari  <Baldassari@compuserve.com> on Aug 19, 1997