Yates Gas It Up and Move It Out Chili
Paprika, Oregano, Onions (finely chopped), Salt, Minced Garlic (usually in, Red Pepper (ground cayenne), Ground Beef (get inexpensive, Bell Pepper (finely chopped), (8 oz) Tomato Sauce, Cumin, 
1ST OFF...THIS AINT Q!!!    Since its below 20 degrees in East Texas right now, I thought everyone  might enjoy some chili. It does warm the bones.    I worked on this recipe for about 5 years. My son made it last night to  take as a project for his spanish class. They provided a luncheon for the  faculty members at his high school.    The single batch, I am told, was gone within 10 minutes. I have had over 30  requests for the recipe tonight.    Im not trying to brag, and Im not trying to sell anything, but I figured  that if it is that good, maybe some Qers might enjoy it too! Let me know  if you try it and like it.    By the way, the original name was "Snowbubba Four Star Fart Start Chili".    Since I was forced to send the recipe to the school I changed the name to    "Yates Gas It Up & Move It Out Chili".    I hope that you enjoy it if you try it!    In a large pot (preferably cast iron) brown ground beef. Lightly sprinkle  salt on meat (does not include TBS above). Halfway through browning, add  garlic, chopped onions, and bell pepper. Note: Never add garlic until there  is some liquid in the pot. Onions will be almost clear when browning is  complete. Drain the meat. Add salt, red pepper, paprika, oregano, cumin,  chili powder, and tomato sauce. Let simmer for three to five hours at a low  temperature. A crock pot works great.    I do just like Justin Wilson does & "stirs da pot after each ingredient is  added."    You can cheat and eat after about 30 minutes, but it is better after it  simmers for a while.    If it dont taste good, you didnt do it right! Try again!    This is not healthy chili...Its good chili!!!    Posted to bbq-digest V5 #005.DON    From: Bruce Yates <dbyates@worldnet.att.net>    Date: Tue, 17 Dec 1996 21:23:32 +0800