Wilted Greens Salad on Bed of Carrot and Rutabaga Spaghetti
Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Arugula, Balsamic vinegar, Salt, Stone-ground mustard, Rutabaga; peeled and halved, Carrots; peeled, Sugar, Beet greens, Shallot; peeled and minced, Mustard greens, 
1. Using a mandoline or a cooks knife, cut the carrots into long, very  thin strips. Do the same with the rutabaga. Place in a saucepan with enough  salted water to cover. Cook, covered, over medium heat until wilted. Drain  and set aside in a covered bowl.    2. Meanwhile, remove the stems from the greens and wash them in cold water.  Using long metal tongs, lift the greens from the water, and without  draining, immediately place in a hot skillet so that they will be cooked in  their own water. Cook over medium heat for 3-4 minutes, tossing    constantly with tongs until all the greens are wilted. Season with salt and  pepper, remove from heat and set aside.    3. To make the vinaigrette, place the vinegar, minced shallot, sugar,  mustard, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until  emulsified.    4. To serve, place 1/4 of the carrots and rutabagas on each of 4 salad  plates, creating a bedding nest. Make sure that the strands are intertwined  so that the colors are blended. Top with a portion of wilted greens,  drizzle with vinaigrette, and serve.    SERVES 4; PREP: 30 45 minutes; Easy. mc-PER SERVING 69% cff: 214cals;       17 g  fat    VARIATION: Experiment with using sorrel, amaranth, dandelion, chard, or  beet greens.    MAKE AHEAD: The carrot and rutabaga spaghetti can be made up to 2 days  before and refrigerated. Reheat in a steamer basket. The vinaigrette can  also be made 1 to 2 days in advance.    >"Insalata Verde Suna Montata di Carote," From SOLO VERDURA, by Anne  Bianchi (Ecco, 1997). >Edited by Pat Hanneman 3/98    Notes: The beauty of this dish lies not only in the extraordinary flavor  produced by this trio of tangy greens, but also in the visual sensation  created by nesting shiny, dark-green leaves on a bed of bright orange  carrot and creamy yellow rutabaga strips that have been softened to  resemble spaghetti. Served luke warm, it works equally well as a salad  course or following soup as a light entree.-AB    Recipe by: SOLO VERDURA, by Anne Bianchi    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 26,  1998