Wolfgang Pucks Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad with Shrimp
Salt, Fresh corn kernels, Sherry wine vinegar, MUSTARD VINAIGRETTE, Diced fresh artichoke, MIXED GREENS, Salad, Peeled seeded and chopped, Shallots; minced (1 heaping, olive oil, Salt, Celery, Mixed greens of your choice;, Diced green beans, olive oil, Assorted greens; (curly, Almond or safflower oil, Spago House Salad Dressing;, Freshly ground white pepper, Diced ripe avocado, SPAGO HOUSE SALAD DRESSING, Freshly ground white pepper, Dijon mustard, Freshly ground white pepper, Sherry wine vinegar, Diced carrots, Fresh caviar; optional, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Vegetable oil, Cooked fresh shrimp, Grated Parmesan cheese, Dijon mustard, Diced red onion, Diced radicchio, 
1. Prepare the vinaigrette: In a small bowl, combine the mustard and  vinegar. Slowly whisk in the oils. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  set aside. Whisk again when ready to serve.    2. Prepare the salad: In a small skillet, heat the olive oil. Season the  diced artichokes lightly with salt and pepper and saute until al dente,  about three minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool.    3. Blanch the carrots and beans by placing each into a fine mesh basket.  Set the basket into a pot of boiling salted water and cook until al dente,  two to three minutes. Plunge into cold water to stop the cooking process.  Drain, cool, and add to the artichokes. Add the onion, radicchio, corn and  celery.    4. When ready to serve, dice the avocado and the tomato and add to the  other vegetables. Reserving a little vinaigrette, toss the vegetables with  the vinaigrette, sprinkle with the grated cheese, and toss again. Correct  seasoning to taste.    5. Toss the greens with the reserved vinaigrette and season with salt and  pepper to taste.    6. Lightly brush eight 3/4-cup ramekins with Spago salad dressing. For each  portion, arrange a few pieces of shrimp on the bottom. Fill with 1/2 cup  chopped salad and pat down well to fill the cup and level the top.    7. Prepare the salad dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the shallots  and the mustard. Whisk in the vinegars and then the olive and vegetable  oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a covered container  and refrigerate until needed.    Presentation: Toss the greens with just enough dressing to coat the leaves.  Divide equally and arrange in the center of each of eight salad plates.  Invert a cup of salad onto the greens and rap gently as necessary to  unmold. Spoon a little caviar on top, if desired. Serve immediately.    To prepare ahead: Through step 3, refrigerating until needed. (The dressing  will keep, refrigerated, for up to one week.)    Note: You can be as creative as to the vegetables you want to include or  exclude in your salad. For example, you can use baby peas in season, or  diced Chinese pea pods, or diced Italian squash, etc.    MC Formatted & Busted by Barb at Possum Kingdom on 3/17/98    NOTES : A popular dish from Wolfgangs restaurant.    Recipe by: Wolfgang Puck    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "abprice@wf.net" <abprice@wf.net> on Mar 22,  1998