Wild Rice Rosti with Carrot and Orange Puree
Carrots; peeled and chopped, Vegetable cooking spray;, Spanish onion, Yellow mustard seed, Rind and juice of 1 large, Wild rice, Russet potatoes, Fresh thyme leaves, Salt and pepper, FOR THE PUREE, 
ROSTI: This large potato "pancake" is a traditional dish from Switzerland.  This variation has the extra nuttiness and visual appeal of wild rice and a  bright simple sauce. Serve with steamed mixed vegetables: green beans and  brocolli florets; snap peas and asparagus tips. etc.    PUREE (15mins): Place carrots in a pan, cover with cold water and add 2  pieces of orange rind. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes or until  tender. Drain well and discard the rind. Puree the mixture in a blender  with 4 tablespoons of orange juice. Return to the pan to be reheat while  the rosti is browning.    PREP (2 mins with food processor): Coarsely grate the peeled onion;  transfer to a sieve and set aside to drain.    RICE (45 mins): Place the wild rice in a pan and cover with water. Bring to  a boil and cook for 30 to 40 minutes, until the rice is just starting to  split, but still crunchy. Drain the rice.    POTATOES (30mins or more): Scrub the potatoes, place in a large pan and  cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, until  just tender. Drain well and leave to cool slightly. When the potatoes are  cool enough to hold in your hands, peel and coarsely grate them into a  large bowl. Add the cooked rice.    SAUTE (10 mins): Spray and heat a non-stick skillet over medium and add the  mustard seeds. When they start to pop, add the onions and cook gently for 5  minutes until softened. Add to the bowl of potatoes and rice. Stir in the  thyme, salt and pepper and mix thoroughly.    ROSTI (15mins): Spray and heat a skillet and add the potato mixture. Press  down well to spread the mixture. Cook for 10 minutes or until gold brown.  Cover the pan with a plate and flip over, spray the skillet lightly, then  slide the rosti back into the pan to cook the other side. Serve with the  reheated puree.    RESOURCES: Matthew Drennan and Annie Nichols (1997) Vegetarian Entertaining  (LB: Lorenz: isbn 108596705280X). *NOTE: Original Recipe used a total of 3  tbsp walnut oil instead of the cooking spray. >From kitPATh recipes  phannema@wizard.ucr.edu >mc-PER SERVING: 180CAL, 0.6G fat (2.9% cff) Fiber:  5.0 g; Carbs: 39.8; sodium 26mg >Eat-Lf Archive (1998:Feb) www.reggie.com    TIP: If the potato skins are thin enough, roughly chop the potatoes with  skin on for added flavor. Add minced green onion, parsley, or chives to the  potato mixture.    Recipe by: Vegetarian Entertaining by Drennan and Nichols    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 02,  1998