Wontons
Wonton Wrappers, FILLING, Cornstarch, Egg, Salt, ginger, Soy sauce, Sugar, Rice wine, Corn oil, Ground veal, scallions, Oriental sesame oil, White pepper, 
For everyone interested in Chinese style recipes using kosher ingredients,  the cookbook is called "Millie Chans Kosher Chinese Cookbook" published by  Harmony Books.    The following Wonton recipe is one I have tried at home and it has everyone  licking their fingers and asking for more.    1. Combine the filling ingredients and mix in one direction until the  mixture is light and sticky.    2. Keep the wonton wrappers covered with a damp cloth to prevent drying.  Place a wrapper on the counter with one corner pointing toward you. Put 1/2  teaspoon of the filling on this corner. Roll the corner over the filling to  form a roll about halfway up the wrapper. Moisten the left corner of the  rolled wrapper with wrapper with water, bring around the right corner and  stick it on top of the moistened corner. Press the corners to seal. Repeat  this until all the filling is used. Cover the finished wontons with a moist  dish towel to prevent drying. For boiling, see step 3; for deep-frying,  proceed to step 4.    3. To boil the wontons, bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. Turn off the  heat and add the wontons. Return the heat to high and bring the pot back to  a boil. Then lower the heat to a simmer and cook gently for 10 minutes.  Transfer the wontons with a slotted spoon to soup bowls or a serving plate.    4. To deep-fry the wontons, heat a wok and add the 2 cups of oil. When the  oil reaches 325 degrees Farhenheit, slip in no more than 10 to 12 wontons.  Fry until lightly browned, turning them frequently. Remove and drain.    I have only made the boiled version and I intended them in place of  kreplach for soup. Most of them got eaten within minutes of being removed  from the simmering water.    I could not find a rice wine with a hechsher, so I substituted dry, kosher  white wine. I also substituted canola oil for the corn oil since I dont  use corn oil on a regular basis and it would only end up rancid.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest Volume 98 #015 by "Ronnie Shilcrat"  <faiga_rochel@hotmail.com> on Jan 08, 1998