Wok-Seared-Duck Salad
Cooking oil, Mushroom soy sauce*, Sliced blanched almonds, Sake or dry sherry, GINGER DRESSING, Chopped cilantro leaves and, Balsamic vinegar, Bite-size pieces of mixed, Boneless, skinless duck, Matchstick strips fresh, Soy sauce, Soy sauce, Scallions including green, Grated orange zest, Fresh-ground black pepper, SALAD, Oil reserved from frying, Grated fresh ginger, Orange juice, 
*Available at Asian markets    1. In a shallow glass dish or stainless-steel pan, combine the smashed  ginger slices, the soy sauce, mushroom soy sauce, sake, scallions and  cilantro. Add the duck breasts in a single layer and turn to coat. Marinate  at room temperature for 1 hour, turning once.    2. Heat the oven to 350?. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast  until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Let cool.    3. Meanwhile, in a small frying pan, heat the oil over moderate heat to  375?. Remove the pan from the heat, add the ginger matchsticks and stir  just until golden, about 10 seconds. With a slotted spoon, remove the  ginger and drain on paper towels. Let the oil cool and then strain and set  aside.    4. Heat a wok or large frying pan over high heat until a bead of water  evaporates on contact. Add 2 teaspoons of the reserved ginger oil and swirl  to coat the pan. Remove half of the duck breasts from the marinade and add  them to the wok in a single layer. Sear the duck until nicely browned,  about 2 minutes. Turn and sear the other side, about 1 minute. Turn the  breasts again and cook until medium-rare, 3 to 5 minutes longer. Remove the  duck breasts and let stand for 3 minutes. Repeat with the remaining duck.    5. Slice the duck breasts on the diagonal into 1/4-inch strips and transfer  to a medium bowl. Whisk the Ginger Dressing, add 3 tablespoons to the duck  and toss to coat. In a large bowl, toss the greens with the remaining  dressing. Mound the salad on six large plates and arrange the duck strips  on top. Sprinkle with the toasted almonds and fried ginger matchsticks.    Ginger Dressing (Makes about 1/2 cup)    1. Put the ginger in a strainer set over a small bowl and press firmly to  extract the juice. (You should have about 1-1/2 teaspoons.)    2. Add the orange juice and zest, the balsamic vinegar, soy sauce and  pepper. Add the oil slowly, whisking. The smokiness of the duck and the  flavors of ginger and orange suggest pairing the dish with a full-bodied  California pinot noir or a fruity zinfandel.  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by Julie Bertholf <jewel1@ix.netcom.com> on  Mar 23, 1998