White Chocolate Mint Truffles
Creme de menthe, Heavy cream, Unsalted butter, White chocolate, fresh mint leaves, 
To make the truffles: Melt the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl set over  gently simmering water. When chocolate is almost melted, turn off the heat  and let stand until completely melted, stirring occasionally.    Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, steep mint leaves in cream and creme de  menthe until liquid is very flavorful (amount of time depends upon the  strength of the mint leaves). Then bring just to a simmer, strain, pressing  down on the mint leaves to give as much flavor as possible, and whisk into  the melted chocolate. Place the pieces of butter around the warm mixture  and let the butter melt. When melted, stir to mix well. Pour mixture into a  shallow pan, giving you a 1-inch-thick layer of chocolate. Cool completely  and then refrigerate or freeze until very firm.    To form the truffles: Have a small bowl of very hot water ready and replace  the water as it cools down. Line a baking tray with parchment paper. Remove  truffle base from the refrigerator or freezer. Before scooping out a ball  of chocolate, dip the melon baller into the hot water, shaking to remove  any excess water. Scoop out a truffle, tapping the melon baller on a firm  surface to release the truffle. Quickly roll between the palms of your  hands and place on the prepared baking tray. You will have to wash your  hands in cold water often to prevent the chocolate from sticking to your  hands. Repeat this procedure until all the balls have been scooped and  rolled. If the truffle base begins to soften too much, refrigerate or  freeze until firm and then continue to scoop out the truffles. Refrigerate  or freeze until needed. Makes 45 to 50 small truffles.    from "Spago Desserts" by Mary Bergin and Judy Gethers    reprinted in The Times-Picayune, December 22, 1994  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #170    Date: Sat, 27 Jul 1996 15:29:53 +0000    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>