White Chocolate Patty Cake
Fresh raspberries, Cake flour, sifted, Stick (2 ounces) unsalted, Water, Sugar, Fresh Lemon Juice, Melted butter, for greasing, White chocolate, coarsely, (8-ounce) frozen whole, Eggs, separated, at room, THE CRUSH, CAKE, 
This looks like a light, moist butter cake; in truth its a substantial,  very chocolate, white chocolate cake.  The whimsical name derives from the  action of patting the edges of the cake down to level and ready them for  the crush, a mixture of berries and sugar.  White chocolate, not really  chocolate by definition because it doesnt contain chocolate liquor, is  finicky.  It can look pretty gloppy when youre melting it - and it burns  easily - but its rich taste always rewards the extra care it demands.  When buying white chocolate, make sure you choose a brand that contains  cocoa butter.    CAKE: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to  325F.  Brush the bottom and sides of two 9-inch round cake pans with a  light coating of melted butter, line with parchment paper rounds, and  lightly butter the paper; set aside.    Heat an inch of water in the bottom of a double boiler.  Put the  chocolate. butter, and the 2 Tbsps. water in the top of the double boiler  and heat over low heat, whisking all the while, until the chocolate and  butter are melted.  The mixture may seem broken or curdled, but it will  come together almost completely when it is whisked (If it doesnt, the  cake will still be fine.)  Remove the pan from the heat and whisk  vigorously to blend.    The ideal method for mixing this cake is to beat the yolks and 1/2 cup  of of sugar together, then keep them mixing on low speed and, while  theyre mixing, beat the whites in another bowl.  If you have both a  standing and a hand-held mixer, you can do it this way.  If not, follow  these instructions for whites first:  In a mixer fitted with the whisk  attachment, whisk the egg whites until they form soft peaks, about 3  minutes. Still beating, and 1/4 cup of the sugar, and continue mixing  until the whites are stiff but still shiny, 2 to 3 minutes more.  Gently -  very gently - transfer the meringue to another bowl and begin work on the  yolks.    Working in the mixer (theres no need to wash the bowl), this time  fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the 10 yolks and the remaining 1/2  cup sugar on high speed for 2 minutes; scrape down the bowl and continue  to beat for 2 minutes more, or until the mixture is slightly thickened and  pale yellow.    Add the melted chocolate to the yolks and increase the mixer speed to  medium; beat for about 30 seconds to blend.  Remove the bowl from the  mixer and, working with a rubber spatula, gently fold in the sifted cake  flour. Pile 1/3 of the egg whites onto the mixture and stir them in with  the spatula to lighten the batter.  Gently fold in the remaining whites.    Baking the Cake -- Divide the batter between the two pans and smooth the  tops.  Bake for 26 to 28 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the  center of the cake comes out clean.  Transfer the cakes to cooling racks  and let them stand for 20 minutes.  Invert the cakes onto cardboard cake  rounds (or the rounds from tart pans with removable bottoms) can cool to  room temperature, with the parchment rounds still in place.  When the  cakes are completely cool, remove the parchment paper, cover, and  refrigerate until needed.  *Covered well with plastic wrap and  refrigerated, the cake layers can be made 2 to 3 days in advance; they can  be frozen up to a month.  Thaw, still wrapped, at room temperature.*    The Crush: Put the frozen raspberries, sugar, and lemon juice in the  work bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade ands whirl until  smooth, 15 to 20 seconds.  Push the mixture through a strainer;  You  should have about 1 cup.  If you want, you can make more raspberry crush  and use the extra as sauce to decorate the plates.    Finishing the Cake -- To finish the cake, remove the layers from the  refrigerator and press down on the edges with your fingers, patty-cake  fashion.  Spoon half of the raspberry crush onto one of the layers and  spread to even.  Top with the other layer, spoon on the remaining crush,  spread it to smooth, and top with fresh berries, placing them close  together in a single layer.  The cake should be refrigerated until just  before serving time, or for up to 8 hours.  Bring the cake bake to a  little cooler than room temperature before serving.    To serve, if youve made more crush, drizzle some in an abstract pattern  on each dessert plate, and top with a slice of cake.  To get a clean cut,  heat the blade of a serrated knife under hot running water and wipe the  blade dry before each cut.    Storing -- The assembled cake can be refrigerated for about 8 hours  before serving.  Bring the cake back to a little cooler than room  temperature.    Posted to EAT-L Digest 18 November 96    Date:    Tue, 19 Nov 1996 14:40:16 -0500    From:    Rosebud <janetm@ONLINE1.MAGNUS1.COM>