Whole Salmon with Lemon-Rice Stuffing
fresh oregano, Fresh Lemon Juice, Lemon, Long-grain rice, uncooked, Dressed salmon,, Fresh oregano, Hot water, fresh mushrooms, Salt, Pepper, olive oil, Lemon Rind, Onion, 
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add onion and  mushrooms; saute 3 minutes or until tender. Add rice, 1/4 teaspoon salt,  and pepper; saute 1 minute. Add 3 cups hot water, lemon rind, and oregano;  cover, reduce heat, and simmer 12 minutes or until liquid is absorbed.  Remove from heat; add lemon juice, and fluff with a fork. Set aside.    Place fish on a 25 x 18-inch sheet of heavy-duty aluminum foil; sprinkle  inside of fish with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Stuff rice mixture into  fish cavity; spoon remaining rice mixture onto foil. Wrap foil around rice  mixture; pleat and crimp edges of foil to form a tray.    Place rack on grill prepared for indirect heat (see note at end of recipe).    Place foil-wrapped fish on unheated side of grill. Cover with grill lid,  and cook 1 hour or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. (Do  not turn fish). Yield: 16 servings (serving size: 3 ounces fish and 1/4 cup  rice).    Per serving: 48 Calories; 1g Fat (15% calories from fat); 1g Protein; 9g  Carbohydrate; 3mg Cholesterol; 73mg Sodium    Serving Ideas : Garnish with lemon slices and oregano sprigs, if desired.    NOTES : For indirect heat, follow manufacturers instructions for gas  grills with dual controls, and ignite only one side of grill. Place fish on  the other side of the grill, close the lid, and start cooking. When using a  charcoal grill, bank the charcoal to one side of grill, and ignite at  2-inch intervals. Once the coals are coated with a gray ash, place fish on  the grill on opposite side from charcoal. Cover with the grill lid, and  start cooking. To serve, remove fish and rice mixture from foil, and  arrange on a serving platter. Remove skin from top side of fish; discard  skin.    Recipe by: Cooking Light, June 1994, page 85    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #395 by igor@digex.net on Jan 28, 1997.