White Chocolate Chunk-Macadamia Nut Cookies
Salt, Granulated sugar, Baking Powder, Vanilla extract, All-purpose flour, Egg, Packed light brown sugar, macadamia, Baking soda, unsalted butter, Imported white chocolate, 
Place butter in a heavy medium-sized saucepan over medium-low heat and heat  until butter boils and bubbles very gently but steadily. Adjust heat as  necessary to prevent butter from burning, and continue simmering uncovered  for 4 to 5 minutes or until it is golden but not browned, stirring  frequently. Be very careful not to burn butter. Immediately remove pan from  heat and stir in brown sugar. Pour into a large mixing bowl and refrigerate  50 to 60 minutes, or until mixture resolidifies but is not hard. (To speed  chilling, place butter in freezer for about 30 minutes, but dont let it  get too hard.)    Preheat the oven to 350 F. Grease several baking sheets and set aside.  Grate 3 ounces of the chocolate. Coarsely chop remaining chocolate. Set the  two aside separately.    Thoroughly stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt and  set aside. Remove bowl from the refrigerator and beat cooled butter-brown  sugar mixture until lightened. Add granulated sugar and beat until fluffy  and smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Beat in dry ingredients. Add grated  chocolate, half of the chopped chocolate, and nuts and stir until well  combined.    Roll dough into generous 1 1/2-inch balls. Dip top of each ball into  remaining chopped white chocolate, pressing lightly to imbed some pieces in  the dough. Space balls, chocolate-studded tops up, about 2 1/4 inches apart  on baking sheets. Press down balls just slightly with heel of hand.    Place on center oven rack and bake for 9 to 11 minutes or until just tinged  with brown. Reverse baking sheets from front to back halfway through baking  to ensure even browning. Be very careful not to overbake. Remove baking  sheets from the oven and let stand for 4 or 5 minutes. Using a spatula,  transfer cookies to wire racks to cool. Store in an airtight container for  3 to 4 days. Freeze for longer storage.    Note: Reduce salt to 1/8 teaspoon if salted macadamia nuts are used.  Unsalted macadamias are preferred for this recipe, but they are hard to  find.    Posted to EAT-L Digest 05 Feb 97 by Felicia Pickering  <MNHAN063@SIVM.SI.EDU> on Feb 6, 1997.