1994 3rd Place Kolachkes
Cream cheese, softened, All-purpose flour, sifted, Cream cheese filling (opt), Rolling and sprinkling, Choice, Jam, jelly or preserves of, Unsalted butter, softened, Whipping cream, Nut filling (optional), 
Preparation time: 2 1/2 hours Chilling time: Overnight Cooking time: 12 to       15    minutes     1. Beat butter and cream cheese in large bowl of electric mixer until  light.  Beat in flour and cream until well mixed. Divide dough into 4  portions. Wrap each in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheets ready.   3. Sprinkle the work surface and the rolling pin generously with  confectioners sugar. Roll out 1 dough portion at a time to about 1/4-inch  thickness. Use a small (2-inch diameter) round cutter or glass to cut out  cookies. Transfer to ungreased baking sheets, leaving 1 or 2 inches between  each cookie. Make a small depression in the center of the cookies with your  fingertip. Fill scantily with jam, jelly, preserves, cheese or nut filling.  (If you use too much filling it will run out onto the baking sheet.) 4.  Bake until bottoms are lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool on wire  racks. Sprinkle generously with confectioners sugar while still warm.     Cream cheese filling: Beat together 1 package (8 ounces) softened cream  cheese, 1 egg yolk, 1/2 cup confectioners sugar and 1 teaspoon pure  vanilla  extract until well mixed.     Nut filling: Cook 1 cup coarsely ground walnuts in 2 tablespoons butter  with  1/3 cup granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract until  nuts  turn golden. Cool.     Third-place winner Shere Case of Hickory Hills, Illinois fills her cookies  with a variety of jams, a cheese filling and a nut filling for an  attractive assortment. The recipe may be halved. from the Chicago Tribune  seventh annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 8, 1994  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #338    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>    Date: Tue, 10 Dec 1996 12:22:58 +0000