White Chocolate Hazelnut-Apricot Truffle
Hazelnuts (aka filberts), Imported white chocolate, Heavy cream, Finely chopped dried, 
From: hz225wu@unidui.uni-duisburg.de (Micaela Pantke) (collection)    Date: Tue, 27 Jul 93 13:15:48 +0200    From: wilkins@scubed.com (Darin Wilkins)  Source: Natalie Haughtons 365 Great Chocolate Desserts (Harper/Collins:  $16.95), but I got it from the LA Times food section. (makes 28 truffles)    On a baking sheet, spread out 1 1/4 C hazelnuts. Bake at 350 F for 10  minutes, or until nuts are light brown and the dark skins are cracked.  Remove as much of the skins as possible by rubbing nuts in a terry-cloth  towel. Finely chop nuts in a food processor.    In a 1-quart glass container, combine 12 ounces imported white chocolate,  cut up and 6 Tbl heavy cream.    [Note:  I used the Nestle white chocolate chips that are available in my  local supermarket.  It worked well, but I am sure it would be better if you  use a good import instead.]    Microwave mixture on MEDIUM (70% power), 3 to 4 minutes, stirring twice,  until chocolate is melted and smooth.  [You can do this step in a  double-boiler if you dont have a microwave.]    Stir into melted chocolate 3/4 C of the chopped nuts and 1/4 C finely  chopped dried apricots.    Cover the mixture and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours, or until mixture is firm  enough to hold its shape.  (If mixture gets too hard, let stand at room  temperature for 30 minutes or so, until firm but soft enough to shape.)    Form 28 smooth 1 1/4-inch diameter balls, either by using a 1 1/4-inch  automatic-release ice cream scoop, or by rolling 1 Tbl of the mixture  between your (clean!) hands.    Place on a wax paper-lined cookie sheet and refrigerate until firm, 1 hour  or longer.    In a small glass dish, place another 12 ounces imported white chocolate,  cut up.    [Variation: use 12 ounces of semisweet chocolate.  Or use 2 separate  6-ounce portions of each and dip 14 of the truffles in the white chocolate  and the other 14 in the semisweet.]    Microwave on MEDIUM (70% power), 3 to 4 minutes, stirring often, until  chocolate is melted, smooth, and warm.    Work quickly so the dipping chocolate does not harden before you are  through.  If it does, pop it back into the microwave for a few seconds.    Using a fork to hold the truffle (do not spear the truffle.  I found 2  forks worked better for me.  Maybe you are not as clumsy as I am), dip the  truffles, 1 at a time, into the melted chocolate.  Tap on edge of dish to  remove any excess.  Place on a wax paper-lined cookie sheet and, before the  dipped layer can harden, sprinkle with the remaining chopped nuts.    Store in airtight container in refrigerator up to 2 weeks, or in freezer 1  month.  Serve in paper candy cups.    Nutrient Analysis Per Truffle: Calories 183 kcal, Protein 2 g,  Carbohydrates 15 g, Fat 13 g, Cholesterol 10 mg, Sodium 27 mg, Fiber 0.2 g,  64% calories from fat (ARRRRGGGGGHHHHHHH!)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /CANDY    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.