Empanadas
Flour, Ground cumin, Paprika, Dried oregano, Salt and pepper, Chili peppers, Canned crushed tomatoes, Slivered almonds, Raisins, green olives, Chopped fresh parsley, GLAZE, Egg yolk, Water, milk, Salt, Vegetable oil, PASTRY, All-purpose flour, Salt, Margarine, Vegetable shortening, Cold water, FILLING, Onion, garlic, Green pepper, olive oil, Ground beef, Cocoa powder, 
Original from Step by Step Mexican Cooking Empanadas con Picadillo Sift the  flour with a pinch of salt into a mixing bowl, or place in a food processor  and mix once or twice. Rub in the margerine and shortening until the  mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs, or work in the food processor, being  careful not to over-mix. Mix the liquid gradually, adding enough to bring  the pastry together into a ball. (In a food processor, add the liquid  through the funnel while the motor is running.) Wrap the pastry well, and  chill for 20 to 30 minutes. Brown the ground meat well, and drain away as  much of the fat as possible, until the onion is soft. Add to the meat. Then  add the cocoa, flour, spices, oregano, and seasonings. Stir well and cook  briefly before adding the chilies and the tomatoes. Cook slowly for 10-15  minutes.    Add the nuts and the olives, and allow to cool. (Oh, you were supposed to  add the parsley with the tomatoes, above.) Roll out the pastry on a floured  surface. (We didnt do this. We ran the dough through the pasta machine -  much easier! We found the #3 setting on our Atlas pasta maker to be the  right thickness.) Cut the dough into 4 inch rounds. (I used a leftover  container from ricotta cheese to get the right size.) Place about 1-1/2  tablespoons of filling on the dough circle. Fold over, and press to seal.  If the dough is a little dry, moisten the edges with a little warm water  (with your finger) before pressing the edges together.    Crimp the edges with a fork. With a toothpick, prick several holes on the  top of the empanada to allow the steam to escape. Mix the glaze ingredients  together. Place empanadas on a baking sheet, and brush with the egg glaze.  Bake at 425 for 15-20 minutes, or until golden brown.    If you like, you can freeze these. To bake frozen empanadas, place the  frozen pastries on a cooking sheet and brush with the egg glaze. Bake for  30-35 minutes at 425 degrees. Makes 15 empanadas.    Yield: 15 servings    Posted to bbq-digest by Lloyd <lloyd2@mindspring.com> on Nov 17, 1998,  