Whole Orange and Almond Cake And Marmalade Cheesecake Cream
Marmalade Cheesecake, Full fat soft cream cheese, Caster sugar, Ground almonds, Orange marmalade, approx, Oranges, Double cream, lightly, Baking Powder, Eggs, For the cakes, Caster sugar, Mint sprigs, to decorate, 
1. Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4 and line two 1kg/2lb loaf tins with  greaseproof paper. Cook the oranges: cover with cold water and bring to a  simmer. Cook for about 1 hour (skin on!) until very tender. Remove from the  pan using a slotted spoon and allow any excess water to drain off. Cut into  quarters.    2. Remove the pips, then whizz all of the orange quarters, including pith  and rind to a pur?e in a food processor or blender. Leave to cool.    3. To make the sponge: mix together the ground almonds, caster sugar and  baking powder. Whisk the eggs until the whisk leaves a trail when lifted  out of the mixture, then fold in the almond mixture and orange pur?e.    4. Divide the mixture between the tins and bake for about 45 minutes. The  cake should be firm to the touch and if pierced with a knife, the blade  should come out clean. Cut into slices and serve decorated with mint  sprigs. Accompany with a good dollop of marmalade cheesecake cream.    MARMALADE CHEESECAKE CREAM: 1. Beat together the cream cheese and caster  sugar until the sugar has dissolved and creamed. Now add the marmalade -  the amount is really up to you, but I like to use the full 225g of  marmalade for this quantity as it produces a good, strong orange flavour.    2. Once the marmalade has been completely mixed in, lightly fold in the  whipped cream. Spoon the mixture into a bowl, cover and chill until firm.    3. Spoon on to the cake plates, using a warmed tablespoon to create a  decorative swirl. Alternatively, you can serve the cream in a separate  dish.    NOTES : ORANGE AND ALMOND CAKE: Serve this cake warm with marmalade  cheesecake cream. 350g ground almonds/350g sugar makes 2 x 1kg/2lb loaf tin  cakes. This cake is just as delicious served cold. The cake will sink in  the centre once cooked, but don?t worry about that. MARMALADE CHEESECAKE  CREAM:      225 g  cheese to serve 6-8 The beauty of this marmalade cream is that  you can simply sit the mixture on a classic biscuit crumb base to make a  tempting alternative cheesecake.  Recipe by: BBC Good Food, December 1995, Gary Rhodes Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #660 by Kerry Erwin <kerry@north.org> on Jul 07, 1997