White Pizza
Whole wheat flour, Fresh ground black pepper, garlic, Salt, PIZZA DOUGH, Salt, garlic, Water, oregano, olive oil, TOPPING, olive oil, garlic, olive oil, thyme, Bay leaf, Active dry yeast, Mozzarella cheese, Salt, ***ROASTING SEPARATE CLOVES, Unbleached white flour, 
PIZZA DOUGH Dissolve the yeast in about 1/4 cup water which is quite warm.  When the yeast has bcome foamy, in about 10 minutes, add it to the rest of  the water, which should be likewarm.    Mix the flours and make a well in the center. Gradually stir the water and  yeast into the well.  Add the olive oil and salt.  Gather the dough and  knead it for 7 to 8 minutes, or until it is soft and lively.    Let the dough double in bulk in a lightly oiled bowl, preferably in the  refrigerator overnight.  Punch the dough down, divide it into portions, and  roll these lightly into balls.  Let them rest, covered with a towl, on a  lightly floured surface for 20 minutes, or until the dough comes to room  temperature if it was refrigerated.    Stretch the dough gently with your hands on lightly oiled baking pans, or  on floured bakers peels if you will be baking it on a baking stone. Let  the dough rise in a warm place, covered, for 15 minutes before topping or  filling and baking.    Preheat the oven and baking stone for 30 minutes at 500F, or preheat the  oven for 15 minutes at 450F if you are baking on metal pans.    TOPPING Mix the garlic with the olive oil, mashing the roasted cloves well  into the oil. Spread this mixture on the prepared pizza dough. Season  lightly with salt.    Scatter the cheese evenly over the pizzas except on the rims.    Bake the pizzas until they are done, from 7 or 8 minutes ot 15 minutes,  depending on whether you are using a  baking stone or metal baking pans.    For an herb garnish, chop the leaves and sprinkle them over the pizzas  before cutting and serving.    ROASTING SEPARATE CLOVES OF GARLIC Preheat the oven to 250F. Break the  garlic head into cloves, leaving the inner skins on. Place in a small  oven-proof dish and add the olive oil, thyme, and bay leaf. Season lightly  with salt and pepper.    Bake the garlic until it is very tender, about 40 minutes. Turn the cloves  over from time to time.  Remove the dish from the oven and let the garlic  cool to room temperature.    NOTES : The dough can be set in a warm, draft-free place, covered with a =  towel or plastic wrap, for 1 hour, or until double instead of put in the =  refrigerator.. More garlic can be can be spread on pizza. Two thinly sliced  tomatoes can be put on pizzas after the garlic and befo= re the cheese.  One-quarter cup Parmesan cheese can be added after the mozzarella cheese.  Recipe by: "Garlic Book" by Susan Balsinger & Carolyn Dille    Posted to recipelu-digest by Nesb2@aol.com on Feb 23, 1998