"Radical" Peanut Butter Pizza Cookies
Butter Flavor Crisco, PIZZA SAUCE, Rocky road-miniature, Harvest mix-candy corn and, DRIZZLE, Eggs, Vanilla, Cherries jubilee-candied, Mmmmmm-candy coated, Bubble gum-like-round, dark brown sugar, Beary good-gummy bears, German chocolate-chopped, Ants and logs-cashews and, Butter Flavored Crisco, Peanut Butter, All-purpose flour, White confectionary coating, COOKIES, Jumbo jewels-small pieces of, Salt, Baking soda, Quick oats, ANY OF THE FOLLOWING, PIZZA TOPPING, Sugar, Milk chocolate chips, 
From: Favorite Brand Name Cookie Collection (since it is brand names, I  will include them, but I cant say I used them <G>)    1) Preheat oven to 350    2) For Cookies, combine 1 cup Crisco, 1 cup sugar and brown sugar in large  bowl. Beat at low speed until well blended. Add peanut butter, eggs, baking  soda, vanilla and salt. Mix about 2 minutes or until well blended. Stir in  flow and oats with spoon.    3) Place remaining 1/4 cup sugar in small bowl.    4) Measure 1/4 cup dough. Shape into ball. Repeat with remaining dough.  Roll each ball in sugar. Place 4 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet.  Flatten into 4-inch circles.    5) Bake for 8-10 minutes. Use back of spoon to flatten center and up to  edge of each hot cookie to resemble pizza crust. Cool 5-8 minutes on cookie  sheet before removing to flat surface.    6) For pizza sauce, combine chocolate chips and crisco in large  microwave-safe measuring cup or bowl. Microwave at medium for 2-3 minutes  or until chips are shiny and soft (or melt on rangetop in small saucepan on  very low heat). Stir until smooth. Spoon 2 tsp melted chocolate into center  of each cookie. Spread to inside edge. Sprinkle desired topping over  chocolate.    7) For drizzle, place confectionery coating in heavy resealable plastic  bag. Seal. Microwave at medium. Cut tiny tip off corner of bag. Squeeze out  and drizzle over cookies. Makes about 2 dozen cookie/pizzas...  Note: I use Green and Red M&Ms for Christmas <G>    Posted to T.nt (sdm-marked) - Prodigys Recipe Exchange Newsletter  by  JVAX57A@prodigy.com (MRS BOBBIE S WEAVER) on 5 No, v 1997