1993 1st Place Ginger Cookies
Water, Ground cloves, Baking soda, Liquid food coloring,, Cinnamon, Ground ginger, All-purpose flour, Dark corn syrup, Unsalted butter or margarine, Granulated sugar, If desired, 
Preparation time: 1 1/2 hours Chilling time: 12 hours or more Cooking  time: 7 minutes     1. Put sugar, syrup, water, ginger, cinnamon and cloves into a large  saucepan. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture boils and sugar  dissolves. Remove from heat. Add butter. Stir until butter is melted and  mixture is no longer very hot.     2. Mix flour and baking soda. Gradually add flour mixture to butter  mixture and stir to blend thoroughly. Dough will have a soft texture. Place  dough in an airtight container and refrigerate overnight or at least 12  hours or as long as 1 week.     3. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Remove about one-sixth of the dough and knead  it until it is slightly softened. Roll dough directly onto ungreased cookie  sheets until it is about 1/4-inch thick. Use a cookie cutter to stamp  shapes in dough, allowing a 1-inch margin between each cookie. Remove  excess dough by lifting it and peeling it away. Scraps of dough can be  kneaded together and re-rolled.     4. Bake until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Allow cookies to cool  slightly and become crisp before removing them from the cookie sheet. Cool  thoroughly on wire racks. If desired, you may "paint" the cooled cookies  using a clean, small paintbrush and food coloring that has been watered  down slightly. Store cookies in airtight containers.    Note: After the 12-hour resting period, this cookie dough can be  hand-molded like clay--rolled, pinched, poked and pressed--and it will keep  its shape, expanding slightly while baking. Thin cookies will become brown  and bake quickly, large and thick shapes will require longer baking. Can be  cut into any shape desired but make the cookies uniformly thick. The  microwave oven can be used to cook the sugar mixture in step 1.    Judith Taylor, Highland Park from the Chicago Tribune sixth annual Food  Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 2, 1993  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #339    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>    Date: Wed, 11 Dec 1996 04:11:40 +0000