"Threshold of Pain" Kung Pao Chicken
Cold water, Sugar, Soy sauce, Fresh garlic; crushed and, SAUCE, Mirin (rice wine), Cornstarch, Soy sauce, White vinegar, Scallions; sliced into rings, Roasted peanuts, Sesame oil, Green hot "finger" chiles, Fresh ginger; crushed and, MARINADE, Cornstarch, GARNISH, Boneless chicken breast (I, Whole Chinese hot dried red, Peanut oil for frying, Fresh red -and-, 
Date: Thu, 6 Jun 1996 13:09:00 -0400 (EDT)    From: Larry Hunter <hunter@intr.net>  About 15 years ago, the first restaurant with genuinely spicy food arrived  in lovely New Haven, CT (where I was going to college).  It was officially  called "Threshold", although we all called it "Threshold of Pain".  They  sold Schezwan food at 1 through 5 "alarms". When you ordered Kung Pao  chicken at 5 alarm (which I did often), there were more chiles than peanuts  in the dish. Unfortunately, the restaurant folded in less than a year.    Heres an attempt to recreate that 5 alarm recipe.  It needs to be scaled  up to restaurant portions, but its not a difficult dish. You can reduce  the amount of dried chile to reduce the heat level to mainstream levels if  absolutely necessary.    Make the marinade: Mix all ingredients and stir to dissolve cornstarch. Add  chicken and marinate 30 minutes or longer.  Mix sauce and set aside.  Heat  a bit peanut oil in the wok until just shy of smoking. Add chicken and stir  fry until it is cooked and turns white. Remove and set aside. Add more oil  to the wok, and reheat until almost smoking. Stir fry red peppers until  they are crisp and start to turn black. Add ginger and garlic and stir fry  for about 10 seconds, stirring constantly. Add the sauce, stirring  constantly until slightly thickened. Add the chicken and stir until tyhe  chicken is heated through and the sauce is thick. Remove from heat and stir  in the peanuts.    Serve over white rice, garnished with chile and scallion slices.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #007    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.