Fantastic Trick of Making a Chicken with Eight Drumsticks
Nice drumsticks; (pulkes), Vegetable oil, Honey, Soya sauce, Big shredded onions, Water, Pitted black prunes, Sweet potatoes, Salt & freshly ground black, Cinnamon, MARINADE, Honey, Soya sauce, Saffron treats dissolved in, Salt and fresh ground black, 1/2 cup dry red wine, Crushed garlic cloves, Cm shredded fresh ginger, Cinnamon sticks, Salt and fresh ground black, THE RICE, Cleaned and washed Basmati, Vegetable oil, Finely shredded onions, Fresh red pimento; (, Finely shredded garlic, Cm shredded fresh ginger, Crushed cardamon pods, Dried apricots cut in small, 
One of the most talented Chefs in Israel is no doubt Israel Aharoni. Author  of Chinese, French, Italian and Ethnic food cooking books. And restaurants  owner in Tel Aviv Area. In his weekly column in Yediot Aharonot, "Aharoni  sets the table", this week, he gave a very nice recipe of sweet chicken and  rice for R"H.    Source : Chef Israel AHARONI, Yediot Aharonot    Complete title: Fantastic trick of making a chicken with eight drumsticks    Blend all of marinade ingredients, add the chicken cover with "Cling" and  place it the refrigerator for a day, or overnight. Remove the chicken  pieces from the marinade. Do NOT throw out the marinade sauce. Patiently,  fry the drumsticks with oil in a big pot, turn the pieces occasionally .  Add the marinade sauce, and 1/2 cup of wine, and bring to boil. Cook on low  fire about 40 minutes, until chicken is shiny and caramelized.    Peel and slice the sweet potatoes, slightly thicker than 1 cm. Fry onions  in 1/4 cup oil, until golden , add potatoes, prunes, salt, pepper, cinnamon  and cardamon. Mix for 2 minutes and add the honey, Soya sauce and water,  and bring to boil. Cook for 45 minutes, until potatoes are coated and  glazed.    The rice is prepared when the chicken and potatoes are cooking. Fry the  garlic and onions in oil, until soft. Add the rest of ingredients EXCEPT  rice and saffron. Mix and cook for 2 minutes. Then add the rice ,and mix  well. Cover with water (2cm above the rice). Add saffron After boil,cook  for 25 minutes on low fire. Stop the cooking but DO NOT open the pot.    On the serving plate, make a pyramid of rice and decorate with chicken and  potatoes. and pomegranate grains. The chicken and potatoes can be prepared  ahead, and heated before serving.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by "Viviane & Israel Barzel"  <i_barzel@netvision.net.il> on Sep 12, 1998, 