Festive Chelsea Buns
Granulated sugar, Salt, To 3 cups all-purpose flour, Butter, FILLING:, Granulated sugar, Warm water, 8 g pkg. traditional dry, Egg, milk, Toasted walnuts, Brown sugar, Finely grated peel of 1/2, Raisins, Cinnamon, Grated nutmeg, Softened butter, CARAMEL TOPPING:, Brown sugar, Butter, Corn syrup, Toasted walnuts, Dried cranberries, BUNS:, 
Proof yeast by stirring 1 teaspoon sugar into warm water until dissolved.  Sprinkle yeast over top.  Do not stir. Let stand until foamy, about 10  minutes. In a large mixing bowl, lightly beat egg. Stir in milk, 3  tablespoons sugar and salt.  When yeast mixture is foamy, stir into egg  mixture. Stir in 2 cups flour and melted butter. Stir in more flour, 1/4  cup at a time, just until too stiff to stir.    Sprinkle counter with flour and place dough on top. Knead until dough is  fairly smooth and only slightly sticky, about 10 minutes. When dough  becomes too sticky, sprinkle counter with more flour. Sprinkle with flour  underneath dough.  Loosely cover with greased waxed paper, then a damp tea  towel.  Let rise at room temperature until doubled, about 1 hour.    For filling, finely chop walnuts.  In a small bowl, stir with brown sugar,  peels, raisins and spices. Measure out butter and set aside. For topping,  measure brown sugar, butter and corn syrup into a saucepan. Coarsely chop  walnuts and measure out cranberries. Set aside.    ASSEMBLY:    When dough has risen, preheat oven to 350F.  Lightly grease an 8 inch  square pan or coat with cooking spray. Punch down dough. On a lightly  floured surface, roll out dough into a rectangle 6 inches wide and 12  inches long.  Spread with reserved 1 tablespoon butter. Then evenly  sprinkle with raisin filling mixture. Beginning at a short side, roll up  dough to make a tight roll. Using a serrated knife, cut roll into 6 thick  pieces.    Cook topping mixture over medium heat until boiling. Let it bubble, without  stirring, for 2 minutes. Caramel will be extremely hot. Carefully pour into  greased pan, so bottom is evenly coated.  Sprinkle with reserved walnuts  and cranberries.  Place each roll, cut-side down, in caramel coating. Heat  from this hot caramel will speed up second rising. Let rise, uncovered,  until rolls are doubled in size and fill pan, about 30 minutes.    Bake, uncovered, in bottom third of 350F oven until a deep golden brown,  from 25 to 30 minutes.  Remove from oven and let stand about 2 minutes.  Meanwhile, place a baking sheet or piece of waxed paper on counter where  buns will be cooled.  Place cooling rack directly on top of buns, legs-side  up.  Invert pan onto baking sheet or waxed paper. Remove pan carefully,  remembering that caramel can burn.  Replace any walnuts or cranberries.  Cool.  Buns will keep well, uncovered, at room temperature for up to 1 day.  Or cover and freeze.    MAKE AHEAD:    Prepare topping first and pour into pan. Sprinkle with nuts and  cranberries. Set aside to cool.  Then prepare dough and let it rise. Fill,  roll and cut dough into 6 pieces. Place dough in a room-temperature  caramel-lined baking pan.  Loosely but completely cover with plastic wrap.  Refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to 1 day. When ready to bake, preheat  oven to 350F. Bake cold buns for a total of 35 to 40 minutes. If browning  too quickly, place a piece of foil loosely over top.    Preparation time: 45 minutes    Rising time: 1 1/2 hours Cooking time 2  minutes  Baking time: 25 minutes Makes 6 large buns. Typed in MMFormat by  cjhartlin@msn.com  Source: Chatelaine Magazine November 1998.    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Cindy Hartlin" <cjhartlin@email.msn.com>  on Oct 6, 1998