White Chocolate-Cranberry Swirl Cheesecake
Salt, Sugar, Cornstarch, Water, Vanilla wafer crumbs, Cranberries, Egg white, Light corn syrup, Water, Skim milk, sour cream, Fresh mint, Plain nonfat yogurt, White chocolate, Neufchatel cheese, Butter, Eggs, Dried cranberries, Vegetable cooking spray, Vanilla, 
Place a colander in a 2 quart glass measure or bowl. Line colander with 4  layers of cheesecloth, allowing cheesecloth to extend over edge of  container. Spoon nonfat yogurt into colander. Cover loosely with plastic  wrap, and refrigerate 12 hours. Spoon yogurt cheese into a bowl, discarding  liquid; cover and refrigerate.    Combine cranberries, 1/2 cup water, and corn syrup in a medium saucepan;  bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes.    Preheat oven to 350 oF.    Place cranberry mixture and 3 tablespoons water in a food processor or  blender, and process 1 minute or until smooth. Set aside.    Combine crumbs and butter in a small bowl, and stir well. Firmly pack  mixture into bottom of a 9 inch springform pan coated with cooking spray.  Bake at 350 for 10 minutes. Let cool on wire rack.    Combine milk, vanilla, and white chocolate in the top of a double boiler.  Cook over simmering water until white chocolate melts, stirring frequently.  Set mixture aside.    Combine yogurt cheese, sugar, sour cream, cornstarch, salt and neufchatel  cheese in a large bowl; beat at low speed of a mixer 1 minute. Add white  chocolate mixture, and beat at medium speed until smooth. Add eggs and egg  white, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.    Pour cheese mixture into prepared springform pan. Spoon cranberry mixture  in mounds over cheese mixture, and swirl with knife to create a marbled  effect. Bake at 300 oF for 1 hour and 10 minutes or until almost set. Turn  oven off, and let cheesecake stand for 1 hour with door closed. Remove from  oven, and cool to room temperature. Cover and chill at least 8 hours.  Garnish, if desired. Yield: 16 servings.    Per serving: 1 FR/V, 200 cal.    Recipe by: Weight Watchers Magazine, December 1996    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #383 by 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail) on  Jan 21, 1997.