White Chocolate Christmas Cake
ICING, Sugar, Sugar, Egg whites, Egg whites, room temp., Butter, Almonds, White chocolate, Flour, sifted, Salt, Almond extract, White chocolate, Pureed, CAKE, FILLING, Butter, milk, Jar cherry preserves,, Baking Powder, 
NOTE: SEE VARIATIONS AT BOTTOM OF RECIPE    CAKE Line the bottoms of two 8" round cake pans with parchment paper.  Grease and flour the paper and sides of pans. Set aside. Preheat oven  to 350 degrees.  Melt the white chocolate in the microwave for 1-2  minutes, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate is smooth and  melted (half power works best).  Set aside.  In a large bowl, cream  butter and 1 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Sift together flour,  baking powder and salt. Mix milk and almond extract. Add dry  ingredients and milk alternately to creamed mixture, beating until  smooth. Mix in melted chocolate. Wash beaters thoroughly. Place egg  whites in a small bowl and beat until fluffy. Slowly add remaining  sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Gently fold in egg whites into  batter. Turn into prepared pans, smoothing tops. Bake 25-30 minutes  or until cake tests done. Place on wire racks and cool 10 minutes,  then remove from pans and cool completely. Split each layer into 2  layers. Freeze layers (with parchment paper in between layers) until  ready to assemble cake.    FILLING Grate almonds using a Zyliss cheese grater or food processor.  Mix together preserves and almonds. Place frozen bottom layer of cake  on plate and spread with 1/3 of the preserves.  Repeat with the next  two layers. Place the final layer on top. Refreeze until ready to put  on icing if desired. (Note: place the bottom 2 layers upside down on  the plate to help make a more level cake.)    ICING Chill 3 oz. of white chocolate and a pan or platter. With a  vegetable peeler, slice curls of chocolate off of the flat surface of  the chocolate onto the chilled platter. Cover pan and freeze until  needed. (Can be done several weeks ahead).  Melt 2 oz. chocolate in  the microwave set aside. On top of a double boiler over hot water,  combine sugar and egg whites. Whisk constantly until the mixture is  hot and the sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and beat with mixer  until thick and shiny. Add butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating  after each addition. Beat in melted chocolate. Spread icing on the  cake. Quickly and gently place frozen chocolate curls on top of cake.  Refrigerate cake. Take out of refrigerator 30-60 minutes before  serving.    NOTE: The cake is best if made 1-2 days ahead to allow time for the  filling to soak into the cake. The icing will "crack" of not allowed  to sit out and soften before cutting.  Freezing isnt really required  but it make the layers easier to work with and results in a moister  cake.    VARIATIONS:    1. Skip doing a cake from scratch. Just add the white chocolate and  almond flavoring to a quality white cake mix and cook according to  2. Use cherry pie filling in place of the preserves - drain off as  much "syrup" as possible before pureeing.    3. Instead of making chocolate curls, grate the chocolate directly  onto the cake using the Zyliss cheese grater or vegetable peeler.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip