"Everything" Salsa
Chipotle or morita chiles, Salt, Vine-ripened tomatoes; cut, Water, Sweet red onion; quartered, Half-and-half, Head of garlic; top sliced, Sprig oregano or marjoram, New Mexican or guajillo, 
Recipes from San Francisco Chronicle:    SOUTH TO NORTH -- `Everything Salsa Adds Zing to, Well, Everything    Jacqueline Higuera McMahan    The ideal salsa should be able to adorn many things besides tortilla chips.    This summer, while playing around in the kitchen with luscious tomatoes  from a nearby farm stand, I discovered the perfect Everything Salsa. Its  made with wonderful summer tomatoes, spiked with New Mexico and chipotle  chiles, sweetened with red onion, and smoothed with cream.    Best of all, the recipe makes a full quart and keeps well, refrigerated,  for up to a week. (You can also freeze it, in one-cup measures, for several  months.)    That means youve got plenty for those chips -- but much more, too. You can  brush Everything Salsa onto chicken breasts or pork tenderloins that are  grilling on the barbecue -- just omit the cream if youre using it on the  grill -- or use it to lace vegetables for tacos.    Its even nice on pasta, if -- like me -- you think salsa goes with just  about anything.    Everything Salsa is best, however, in Stacked Enchiladas -- one of the  easiest and fastest enchilada recipes I know. Its great for a quick summer  meal and it, too, can be made ahead.    INSTRUCTIONS: Rinse and stem the chiles, then place in a large pot. Add the  tomatoes, onion, garlic, oregano, water and salt. Bring to a simmer, then  reduce heat to very, very low. Simmer for 30 minutes. Place half of the  solid ingredients in a blender. Add about 1 cup of the liquid (do not use  all of the liquid or the sauce will be too thin). Process until the  ingredients are pureed.    Push the puree through a fine sieve into a large saucepan. Use a spatula to  scrape off all bits of puree from the bottom of the sieve.    fRepeat with the remaining solids and 1 more cup or so of the liquid.    Simmer the sauce for about 10 minutes, tasting for seasoning.    Add the half-and-half and continue to simmer for 5 minutes, until the sauce  smooths out and the flavors come together. Yields about 1 quart salsa.    PER TABLESPOON: 10 calories, 0 g protein, 2 g carbohydrate, 0 g fat (0 g  saturated), 0 mg cholesterol, 69 mg sodium, 0 g fiber. Posted to  CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #044 by Judy Howle <howle@ebicom.net> on Jul 27, 1997