Whole Baked Fish with Dill
Fresh dill, Butter, Lemon juice, White wine, beurre manie, Whole fish, Mushrooms, fresh, Shallots, Clam juice, GARNISH, lemon, Salt & white pepper, Whole dill, Whipping cream, 
Enright writes: "In Canada, fresh whiting is sold most months, while  springtime and summer bring a selection of...salmon, trout, pickerel and  perch.  Fresh or frozen fillets (sole, perch, haddock, turbot) may be  substituted, but be sure to reduce cooking time."    Have the fish "dressed," that is, scaled, eviscerated and fins removed. To  behead or not is up to you.  To bake fish, the rule of thumb is: 10 minutes  per inch thickness of fresh fish (measured at its thickest point) or for  frozen fish, 20 minutes cooking time for each inch thickness.    Butter an oval baking dish large enough to hold fish. Sprinkle pan with  half the shallots, mushrooms and dill sprigs. Lay fish on top. Season with  salt, pepper and lemon juice. Place remaining shallots, mushrooms and dill  sprigs on top of fish; dot with butter.    Combine clam juice or stock with white wine; pour around fish. Loosely  cover pan with foil and bake at 450 F. until fish flakes when tested with a  fork. Remove fish to heated platter. Debone and keep warm in low oven.  Strain pan juices into a medium, heavy saucepan. Discard dill but reserve  shallots and mushrooms. Add cream and boil over high heat to reduce sauce  by one third.  Whisk in beurre manie a bit at a time until the sauce is  sufficiently thick. Season with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Add reserved  shallots and mushrooms. Pour some sauce over baked fish and serve remainder  separately.    Garnish with whole dill sprigs and dilled lemon slices. (For these, mince  dill and place on cutting board. Gently fold a lemon slice in half and roll  onto the minced dill to form a center band of dill.)    Serve with white rice seasoned with fresh lemon thyme and sauteed baby  carrots or broiled tomato halves.    From _Nancy Enrights Canadian Herb Cookbook_ by Nancy Enright. Toronto:  James Lorimer & Company, 1985.  Pg. 40. ISBN 0-88862-788-2. Electronic  format by Cathy Harned.