White Chocolate Raspberry Veloutes Pt 1
Cold water, Fresh raspberries, Grated rind of 1 lemon, Eggs, Chunk white chocolate, (8, SPONGE CAKE, RASPBERRY SAUCE, Seedless raspberry jam, WHITE CHOCOLATE CURLS, Unsweetened frozen, All-purpose flour, Salt, Heavy cream, Granulated sugar, divided, Granulated sugar, Granulated sugar, Salt, milk, White chocolate, Baking Powder, Env unflavored powdered, ASSEMBLY, Eggs, separated (at room, WHITE CHOCOLATE VELOUTE, Unsalted butter, (1 stick), Vanilla extract, Framboise liqueur, 
Make the sponge cake:    1. Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.  Line a 12-by-18 inch jelly roll pan with aluminum foil, leaving a 2-inch  overhang on the short ends of the pan. Butter the aluminum foil and the  sides of the pan. Lightly dust the bottom of the pan with flour and tap out  the excess.    2. In a 4 1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer, using the paddle  attachment, beat the butter at medium-high speed 1 minute, until smooth.  While continuing to beat, add 1 cup of the sugar in a steady stream. Beat 2  to 3 minutes, until the mixture is light and creamy. Beat in the egg yolks  one at a time, stopping to scrape down the side of the bowl if necessary.  Beat in the vanilla and lemon rind, and continue to beat for 2 minutes.    3. Sift the flour and baking powder together onto a piece of waxed paper.  Set aside.    4. In a grease-free 4 1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer, using  the wire whip attachment, beat the egg whites with the salt at low speed  until frothy. Gradually increase the speed to medium-high and continue  beating the whites until they start to form soft peaks. One teaspoon at a  time, gradually add the remaining 1/4 cup of sugar and continue to beat the  whites until they form stiff, shiny peaks.    5. Beating at low speed, alternately add the flour mixture and milk to the  yolk mixture. Continue to beat at low speed for 1 minute.    6. Using a balloon whisk or large rubber spatula, fold the beaten whites  into the egg yolk mixture one-third at a time. Scrape the batter into the  prepared pan and spread it into a thin, even layer with an offset metal  cake spatula.    7. Bake the sponge cake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the center springs back  when gently pressed with a finger. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and cool  for 10 minutes. Using the foil edges as handles, lift the cake from the pan  and set it on a wire rack to cool completely.    Make the ring molds:    1. Cut eight 9 1/2-by-2 1/2-inch strips out of stiff paper (unused manila  folders work well). Bring the short ends of each strip together,  overlapping by 1/2 inch, and tape the outside seams with masking tape. The  ring molds should be approximately 2 3/4 inches in diameter.    Line the molds:    1. Using a 2 3/4-inch round cookie cutter or one of the prepared ring  molds, cut out 8 rounds of the sponge cake. Reserve the remaining sponge  cake for garnish. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place the cake  rounds on it. Moisten each cake round with some of the Framboise liqueur.  Place one ring mold over each cake round, so that the mold touches the  bottom of the baking sheet.    Make the white chocolate veloute:    1. Melt the white chocolate according to the directions in the Chocolate  Key. Set aside to cool.  continued in part 2