"The" Onion Soup
Beef stock; hot, Parmesan cheese; fresh grate, Flour, olive oil, Gruyere cheese; diced small, Black pepper; to taste, French bread loaf; sliced in, Clove garlic; thinly sliced, Butter, Red wine vinegar, Sugar, Dry red wine; good quality, Thyme, Bay leaf, Butter, Onions;thinly sliced, 5-6 lg, Salt, 
Melt the butter and olive oil together in a heavy, 4-quart soup pot. Add  the onions, cover, and cook over low heat for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring  occasionally.    Raise the heat to moderate, uncover pan, and add sugar and salt. Cook 20 to  30 minutes longer, stirring frequently, until the onions have turned a  rich, mahogany brown.    Reduce heat to low, add the garlic, and cook 1 minute. Blend in the flour  and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the  heat and blend in 1 cup of hot stock, making sure the flour is completely  dissolved. Stir in the remaining stock, the wine, vinegar, thyme, and  pepper, and bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer slowly, cover slightly  ajar, for 30 minutes. Add bay leaf the last 15 minutes, discarding it at  the end of cooking time. Taste for seasonings and adjust as needed.    NOTE: The soup can be prepared several days in advance (in fact, it  improves with age), but if you are planning to serve it gratinee, have your  guests clamoring at the table as you remove it from the broiler, or the  crust will sink like a leaky barge. Therefore:    Preheat the broiler.    Smear a bit of butter in the bottom of individual earthenware (or other  heatproof) bowls, and place them on a cookie sheet. Place a croute on the  bottom of each bowl and sprinkle generously with Gruyere. Repeat this  procedure in each bowl. Ladle in the simmering soup. Float another croute  on top of each serving, sprinkle on more Gruyere and a drift of Parmesan.  Drizzle with a bit of melted butter, and whisk the bowls under the  preheated broiler for a few minutes. Watch carefully. When the cheese is  crusty and the soup bubbling, serve immediately.    AFTERTHOUGHTS: Serve the soup with bruschetta or garlic croutons. Try  bruschetta smeared with a little dijon mustard and topped with Brie in  place of the Gruyere croutes. If youre feeling like a high roller, add a  dash of Cagnac to each serving when you ladle on the soup. If youre  concerned about your weight, serve the soup unadorned except for a  sprinkling of fresh minced parsley. Pass thin bruschetta or lightly toasted  French bread and a small bowl of grated Parmesan at the table.    You may also wish to serve the soup from a tureen. Preheat oven to 425  degrees F, and bake for about 30 minutes, or until brown and crusty.    And do try the redoubtable Julia Childs version: a couple of egg yolks  beaten with 4 or 5 tablespoons of port or Madeira, poured under the edge of  the crust, and gently stirred just before serving. (Divide this amount  among bowls if serving them individually.)    Source: "Lilies of the Kitchen" by Barbara Batcheller  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #291    Date: Wed, 23 Oct 1996 01:39:32 +0000    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>