White Chocolate-Amaretto Cheesecake
Eggs; room temperature, Amaretto, *un*salted butter, Bittersweet or dark, White chocolate; finely, GARNISH, Softened cream cheese, CAKE, -(up to), Toasted almond slices, Dark brown sugar, Crust, Almonds; chopped fine, Vanilla extract (real), Almond extract, Double graham crackers, Granulated sugar, 
From: Max.Bloomfield@corp.sun.com (Max Bloomfield)    Date: Tue, 25 Jul 1995 00:51:10 -0800 (PDT)  Need: 10 inch spring form, double foil wrap outside to proof against leaks    Time: 1 hour prep, plus baking and chilling    Start: Day before serving    Oven temp: 350 degrees F., middle rack    1. Crust- place graham crackers and almonds in food processer, and pulse  until finely chopped. Pour into springform, then by hand mix in brown sugar  and melted butter until it all sticks together. Mold mixture to bottom and  half way up the sides of the pan. Press firmly into the seam around the  bottom so theres no hidden spaces. Leave no holes. Bake in pre-heated oven  for 8-10 minutes. Allow to cool on rack. Place a water bath into oven on  middle rack now. When cool, grease the exposed top half of the sides of the  pan lightly.    2. Cake- At medium speed in large mixing bowl (preferably stainless steel)  beat cream cheese until totally smooth.  Continue mixing, and add eggs one  at a time, beating thoroughly between each. Mix in rest of cake ingredients  until well combined.  Poor into cooled crust.    3. Baking- Bake for 60-70 minutes in already hot water bath.  Cooking time  can vary greatly due to many factors here, so you know its ready when it  passes the clean toothpick test (Test about 1 1/2 inch from edge of cake).  The cake should be almost set. Allow to cook for an hour in an open oven  with the heat off. Remove from oven very carefully, place on wire rack,  cover pan with two layers of paper towels, and then a plate. Allow to cool  3-4 hours, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 24  hours.    4. Depanning and garnishing- When fully cool, gently release the pans  hasp. Warming the sides of the pan *slightly* with a hair dryer can help  depanning. The idea is to soften the thin layer of butter between the pan  and the cake without softening the cake or the crust. Toss almond slices  with a bit of confectioners sugar, and sprinkle over cake. Garnish center  of cake with a few curls of dark or bittersweet chocolate. Cut cake with a  hot knife.    Tips for cheesecakes in general:  If you can, allow to cool in the open  oven.  The slower it cools, the better.  Use an oven thermometer if you  have it. Ive cooked in a lot of ovens where the dial markings had little  to no bearing on the actual oven temperature. The more even your oven heat,  the less the chance of cracks.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /DESSERTS    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.