White Sonoran Menudo (Menudo Blanco Sonorense)
White onion, roughly sliced, Crumbled chile pequin, TOPPING, Head of garlic, unpeeled and, Finely chopped white onion, Sea salt, Lime quarters, Dried hominy (4-1/2 - 5 cup), Roughly chopped cilantro, Tripe, 
Put the calfs foot pieces, garlic, onion, and half the salt in a large  pan.  Put the trip on top with the remaining salt, cover the pan, and cook  over very low heat so that it simmers for about 3 hours.    Strain the meat, reserving the broth, and cut the tripe into small squares  ....about 1 1/2 inches.  Remove the bones from the calfs foot and chop the  flesh roughly.  Return the meats to the pan with the broth, the flowered  hominy, and the hominy cooking water.  Taste for salt and continue cooking  over very low heat for 1 hour.  Serve in deep  bowls with flour tortillas,  passing the topping for each to serve al gusto.    **You can buy canned hominy, but it is already cooked and tends to become  mushy.  In almost all Latin American markes you can find prepared  hominy,  ready for the final cooking and flowering, in the refrigerator or freezer  cases.    Cooking and Flowering of Hominy    1/2 pound whole dried hominy, witih pedicel (con cabeza) 1 1/2 rounded  teaspoons powdered lime    Put the whole hominy into an enamel or stainless-steel pot and add enough  cold water to come about 2 inches above the surface of the corn.   Set over  medium heat.  Dilute the powdered lime with about 1/2 cup cold water and  add to the pot through a fine strainer, pressing out the lumps with a  wooden spoon.  The water will become slightly milky.  Cook the corn until  it comes to a simmer (the skins of the kernels will now be bright yellow)  and continue cooking, covered, until the skin can easily be slipped off the  kernels ..... about 20 minutes.  Remove from the heat and set aside to cool  off.  When the corn is cool enough to handle, drain, and put into cold  water, rubbing the kernels through your hands until the skins have been  cleaned off.  Skim off the skins and discard; rinse the corn once more.  With the tip of a paring knife or a strong thumbnail, remove the pedicels.    When all the corn has been cleaned, add enough fresh water to come about 3  inches above the surface of the corn, cover, and bring to a fast simmer.  Continue cooking until the corn is tender and has opened up like a cupped  flower ... about 1 1/2 to 2 hours, depending on how old the corn is.  When  cooked, always reserve the cooking water and add it with the corn to the  soup.  Recipe By     : plgold@ix.netcom.com (Pat Gold)    Posted to EAT-L Digest  6 October 96    Date:    Mon, 7 Oct 1996 13:59:16 -0500    From:    LD Goss <ldgoss@METRONET.COM>    NOTES : Source: The Art of Mexican Cooking by Diana Kennedy