Whole Wheat Zucchini Bread
Brown Sugar, Salt, Whole wheat pastry flour, Unsweetened applesauce, Baking soda, Vanilla extract, Pecans, Egg, Baking Powder, Ground cinnamon, Skim milk, Zucchini, Unbleached all-purpose flour, 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 9- by 5-inch loaf pan and set aside.    In large bowl, mix both flours, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda and  salt. Add pecans if using. Make well in center of mixture.    In small bowl, lightly beat egg and egg white (or Egg Replacer if using).  Stir in sugar, milk, applesauce and vanilla until blended. Stir in  zucchini. Add to dry ingredients and stir just until blended.    Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake 1 hour or until tester inserted into  center comes out clean. Remove to wire rack and cool for 10 minutes. Turn  out onto rack, invert right-side up and cool completely. Makes 16 slices.    Nutrition per serving (according to the author): 138 calories; 4G protein;  O.7G total fat (0 sat fat); 29G carb; 11 MG chol; 165 MG sod; 2G fiber.  ovo-lacto/vegan    Variations: For carrot bread, substitute 2 cups grated carrots for the  zucchini and raisens for the nuts.    To make carrot-zucchini bread, use 1 cup grated carrot and 1 cup grated  zucchini.    My notes: **I used sweetened applesauce (which I will do again in future)  and I did use pecans. I split the batter into 2 smaller pans and still the  outside cooked fast and the inside seemed underdone (I should note that I  took the bread out of the oven at 55 minutes -- instead of the full 60, but  the outside looked over done so I decided to risk it. Next time I will just  let it go the full time, I guess.) The flavor is fantastic...not horribly  sweet or cloying. The interior moistness lessened by the next day. I like  this recipe enough to make it again.    Typos by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>; mc and eat-lf posted  8/28/97    Recipe by: Vegetarian Times, 8/97; Carol Wiley Lorente Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #762 by Badams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Aug 28, 1997