Whole Roasted Squab Stuffed W Eggplant and Bacon Dressing
Onions, Celery, Eggplant; peeled and diced, Haricots verts; blanched, Crumbled corn bread, Chicken Stock, Whole Squabs, Olive oil; for drizzling, Chopped bell peppers, Green Onions, Garlic, Chopped fresh thyme, Veal reduction, Whole Shallots, Cayenne pepper; to taste, Raw bacon; diced, Finely-chopped parsley, Salt, Butter, 
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.    In a large saute pan over medium heat, render the bacon until crispy, about  6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the onions, celery, and bell peppers. Season with  salt and pepper. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the eggplant and  continue to saute for 3 minutes. Season with salt and cayenne. Stir in 2  tablespoons garlic, thyme, parsley and green onions. Remove from the heat  and turn into a mixing bowl. Stir in the corn bread and stock. Mix  thoroughly. Season the dressing with salt and cayenne.    Season each squab with olive oil, salt and cayenne. Stuff each cavity of  the squabs with about 3/4 cup of the dressing. Toss the shallots with olive  oil, salt and pepper. Place the stuffed squab and shallots in a  parchment-lined roasting pan. Place the squab in the oven and roast for 25  to 30 minutes, or until the squab is golden brown and the juices run clear.  Remove the pan from the oven and separate the sections of the shallots.  Place the shallots in a saucepan and cover with the veal reduction. Bring  the liquid to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer for 2 minutes. Season  the sauce with salt and pepper.    In a large saute pan, melt the butter. Add the haricots verts and the  remaining garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Saute for 2 to 3 minutes.  Serve the squabs with the haricots verts and a ladle of shallot reduction.    Recipe Source: EMERIL LIVE with Emeril Lagasse From the TV FOOD NETWORK -  (Show # EM-1A68 broadcast 11-03-1997) Downloaded from their Web-Site -  http://www.foodtv.com    Formatted for MasterCook by Joe Comiskey, aka MR MAD - jpmd44a@prodigy.com  ~or- MAD-SQUAD@prodigy.net    11-11-1997    Recipe by: Emeril Lagasse