1988 1st Place Fay Kuhns Thumbprints
Finely chopped nuts, Flour, Sugar, Vanilla, Butter, Raspberry jam, Salt, Egg, separated, 
Preparation time: 20 minutes Chilling time: 1 hour Baking time: 15 to 18  minutes      1. Beat together butter and sugar in a mixer bowl. Add vanilla and egg  yolk. Mix well.      2. Mix flour and salt, add to butter mixture and mix well. Cover;  refrigerate at least 1 hour.      3. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Beat egg  white lightly in a small bowl. Put nuts in another small bowl. Dip each  ball into egg white, then roll in nuts. Put balls 1 inch apart on ungreased  cookie sheet. Press thumb in the center of each to make an indentation.      4. Bake until light golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Fill  indentation with a small amount of raspberry jam.      Faye Kuhn, of Earlville, Illinois, recalled growing up in the tough times  of the 40s: "Despite the lack of finances, no holiday was ever ignored in  our household. Christmas, however, held the highest of honors. . . We all  boarded the train and off to the city we would go. We would arrive home  loaded with Evening in Paris cologne, mittens, socks, handkerchiefs and  coloring books bought at Kresges and Woolworths. Mom would then visit the  local A & P for turkey, cranberries, sweet potatoes, fresh ground coffee,  nuts, apples, oranges and one pound of butter to baste ol Tom with.  However, there was one thing my mother didnt do in those days and that was  to bake Christmas cookies, for neither time nor money allowed such a  luxury." But when her mother retired, she started baking Christmas cookies,  Kuhn recalls. The family wanted her to make the thumbprints, yet no one  knew the name or the recipe. "Mother put on her coat, crossed our back yard  and knocked on our neighbors door. She returned somewhat later,  victorious, with recipe card in hand." from the Chicago Tribune annual Food  Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 8, 1988  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #340    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>    Date: Thu, 12 Dec 1996 11:32:51 +0000