1986 Winner Almond Thumbprint Cookies
All-Purpose Flour, Grated unblanched almonds, Sugar, Half-and-half, Vanilla, FROSTING, For garnish, COOKIES, Butter, Brown sugar, Butter, Salt, Vanilla, Chopped pistachio nuts, 
Preparation time: 45 minutes Baking time: 16 minutes      1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. For cookies, sift flour, sugar and salt into  bowl. Cut in 1 cup butter with pastry blender until mixture resembles  coarse crumbs. Blend in almonds and vanilla. Work mixture with fingers  until a ball of dough is formed. Then shape into 1-inch balls.      2. Place balls on greased cookie sheets; make a depression in center of  each cookie. Bake about 8 minutes; remove from oven. Dent again and bake  about 8 minutes longer; cool.      3. For frosting, blend 6 tablespoons butter, half-and-half and brown  sugar in saucepan. Boil 2 minutes, stirring constantly; remove from heat.  Cool about 15 minutes, then stir in confectioners sugar and vanilla. Beat  until smooth and thick.      4. Fill depressions in cookies with butterscotch frosting and sprinkle  frosting with nuts.      Winner Penney L. Haney of Kenosha described these cookies:   "Oh, the  aroma! Dad knew his girls had been baking as soon as he stepped in the  back door, brushing snowflakes from his coat. He warmed his hands over the  hot oven, slowly recovering feeling in his fingertips, numb from stringing  red, yellow, blue, green and white lights in the pines in the yard. His  chore and our special treat combined each year to mark the beginning of our  holiday preparations.      "While chatting to Mom about trying to locate the single, burned-out bulb  that had kept an entire strand out, he watched me, his tiny daughter, with  not so dexterous fingers, shaping dough into big marbles. I had to kneel on  a wooden chair to reach the table, with Moms brightly-colored apron  wrapped around me nearly twice, held together in back by a giant safety  pin." from the Chicago Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest  December 4, 1986  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #340    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>    Date: Thu, 12 Dec 1996 11:32:57 +0000