3 Kinds of Mushrooms Quiche
DOUGH, Flour, Butter; (1 stick) or divide, Tabls Grated cheeses, Tabls Cold water + 1 teasp, SECOND STEP, Boxes of 3 different kinds, Big Onion cut to thin, Tabls oil + another 1 tabls, Salt and fresh ground, FINAL STEP, Ground cheeses, Eggs, Heavy cream; plus, Milk; (or use just milk) I, Salt, 
Source : From my mother with love & more. Family recipe.    Dough: In food processor with steel knife , put butter, flour, cheese.  blend with the On /Off button 2 -3 time. Add while food processor is  working slowly the water (not all, or maybe you should add some more) till  you get a ball. stop the food processor , do not over mix.    Sprey with Pam , a 10 inch Quich pan. With your hand arrange dough in pan .  Prick with fork all over dough, cover with nylon seal warp and put in your  refrigerator for later use.    Second step:    NOTE: Mushrooms: Use some like Chapignons, 2 kinds of forest mushrooms. one  that grow near pine trees, and the other one theirs shape are like big ears  that you do not cut , but tare them with your hands to strips.    Wash and dry mushrooms.    Prepare in a bowl the mushrooms, cut the chapignons not in small pieces. so  the other kind, and tare the ears shape mushrooms.    In a big frying pan or a whook, Heat well oil, add onions and fry till you  get a nice gold colour. Transfer to a small bowl. Add the other 1 Tabls  oil, Heat well , Do not lower heat . Add the mushrooms ,and toss them well  till they are well blended with the oil and begin to fry.They should not  get soggy.    Add salt and pepper, Add the onions, mix, and stir for couple of minutes.  Transfer to a bowl for later use. cool.    Final step: In a bowl beat lightly eggs, Add all other ingredients, mix.  Add little salt and Pepper.    Arrange mushrooms on the dough . Pour over the eggs mixer, Shake pan to  cover well .    Bake in preheated 350 F hot oven for 45 minutes.    Cool slightly before serving.    Freeze very good.    Note: I always buy 3 kinds of cheeses. like, Sharp Cheddar Emental, and  Smoked Katzkavaal.(or any other sharp cheese, I ground it all in the food  processor, and put 1 cup each in a Zip Lock,and keep in my freezer, So when  ever I need ground cheese I have it handy.    Serve with any fresh and cooked vegetable salads.  Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #323 by Zvi&Rina perry  <pzvi@netvision.net.il> on