Whole Wheat-Rye Bread
Dry yeast, Caraway seeds, Lukewarm water, Shortening, Molasses, Rye flour, Salt, water, All-purpose flour, Egg white, Whole wheat flour, 
Dissolve yeast in 1/2 cup warm water in a large mixing bowl; let stand 5  minutes. Stir in molasses, salt, caraway seeds, shortening, 1 3/4 cups  water, rye flour, and whole wheat flour. Beat at medium speed of an  electric mixer until smooth. Gradually stir in enough all-purpose flour to  make a soft dough.    Turn dough out onto a floured surface, and knead until smooth and elastic  (about 8 to 10 minutes). Place in a well greased bowl, turning to grease  top. Cover and let rise in a warm place (85?), free from drafts, 1 hour or  until doubled in bulk.    Punch dough down; roll dough into a 19- x 16-inch rectangle. Roll dough  jellyroll fashion, starting at long side; pinch seam and ends to seal.  Place loaf, seam side down, on a greased baking sheet. Cover and let rise  in a warm place, free from drafts, 1 hour or until doubled in bulk.    Brush loaf with egg white. Bake at 400F for 35 to 40 minutes or until loaf  sounds hollow when tapped. Let cool on wire rack.    Yield: 1 loaf.    Marble Bread: Prepare dough for Whole Wheat-Rye Bread and for Basic White  Bread, letting both doughs rise the first time.    Punch whole wheat-rye dough down; divide into 2 equal portions. Place each  portion onto a lightly floured surface. Cover and let rest 15 minutes.  Repeat procedure with white dough.    Combine 1 portion whole wheat-rye dough and 1 portion white dough; lightly  knead 12 to 15 times.    Roll combined dough into a 19- x 16inch rectangle. Roll dough jellyroll  fashion, starting at long side; pinch seam and ends to seal. Place loaf,  seam side down, on a greased baking sheet. Repeat procedure with remaining  dough. Cover and let rise in a warm place, free from drafts, 1 hour or  until doubled in bulk.    Brush each loaf with half of a slightly beaten egg white. Bake at 400? for  35 to 40 minutes or until loaves sound hollow when tapped. Let cool on wire  racks.    Yield: 2 loaves.    Busted by Gail Shermeyer <4paws@netrax.net>    Recipe by: The Southern Living Cookbook, 1987, 8487-0709-5    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Gail Shermeyer <4paws@netrax.net> on Apr 13,  1998