White Pork Sausage (Boudin Blanc De Liege)
(1/2 stick) butter, Feet sausage casings,, Currants, minced, Fresh pork fat cut from, Carrots, chopped, milk, Celery stalk with leaves,, Shallots, minced, Butter, Boneless lean center loin, Freshly ground white, All-purpose flour, Onions, chopped, Salt, Fresh parsley sprigs, Garlic clove, crushed, Bay leaves, broken, Eggs, Garlic, Tawny Port, Cloves, Freshly grated nutmeg, 
Bring milk, onions, carrots, celery, parsley, 3 shallots, garlic clove, bay  leaves, salt, cloves, pepper, nutmeg and thyme just to boil in heavy  4-quart saucepan over medium heat. Remove from het, cover and let stand 30  minutes. Refrigerate until mixture is well chilled, about 2 hours.  Meanwhile, melt 1 Tbsp butter in heavy small skillet over low heat. Add  remaining 4 minced shallots. Cover and cook until very soft, stirring  occasionally, about 15 minutes.  Puree with on/off turns in processor with  pork, pork fat, eggs, flour, Port and 1/4 tsp garlic until smooth. Strain  milk into processor, pressing down on solids to extract as much liquid as  possible. Blend into puree.  Transfer to large bowl. Stir in currants.  Refrigerate 1 to 8 hours. (If processor has small capacity, puree in  batches.) Cut sausage casings into 3-foot lengths. Tie knot at one end of  each. Gather 1 piece around tip of pastry bag fitted with 1/2-inch plain  tip. Spoon pork mixture into pastry bag, pressing down to prevent air  pockets. Pipe mixture into casing, twisting casing every 6 inches to create  individual sausages. Tie know at end of casing. Repeat with remaining pork  and casings.  Tie twists in sausage with string. Bring 8 quarts water to  boil in stockpot. Remove from heat and add sausages. Return pot to heat,  adjusting as necessary to maintain water just below simmer (180 F). Cook  until sausages are firm to touch, 20 minutes, turning occasionally. Cool in  cold water to retain plumpness.  Cut into individual links. (Can be  prepared ahead to this point. Wrap and refrigerate up to 3 days or freeze  up to 2 months.) Melt butter in heavy skillet over medium heat. Lightly  brown sausages on all sides, about 8 minutes total. Serve hot. (Sausage can  also be grilled.)