White Kimchi
Head celery cabbage (Chinese, Korean watercress; cut into, Dried Forest mushrooms;, Garlic bulbs; peeled and cut, Dates; peeled, cut into, Coarse salt, table salt, Korean radish; cut into thin, Ginger root; peeled, cut, Indian mustard leaves; cut, Korean pears; cut into thin, Green onions; cut into, Chestnuts; peeled, cut into, Dried Stone mushrooms;, Red pepper threads, 
This white kimchi is much enjoyed in the northern part of Korea. The unique  seasoning techniques employed-ginger and garlic strips are wrapped in a  cheesecloth and the red pepper threads are used in place of red pepper  powder-bring out the fresh delicate tase of a rich com- bination of the  stuffing. Here, the juicy radishes and pears are mixed with aromatic  vegetables such as Korean watercress and Indian mustard leaves as well as  chestnuts, dates, and mushrooms. Rice or noodles mixed in its cold juice  are a winter delight, and this kimchi goes nicely with any snack.    PRELIMINARIES:    1. Salting the Cabbage. Trim off the coarse outer leaves from the cabbage  and save them; halve the cabbage heads lengthwise. Soak the cabbage  sections and the removed outer leaves in a brine prepared with 3 cups of  salt and 4 quarts (4 liters) of water for about 3 hours or until softened.  Rinse with cold water and drain.    PREPARATIONS:    1. Cut the chestnuts and dates into slivers; out one pear into thin strips,  reserving the other.    2. Cut the softened mushrooms--the forest mushrooms and stone mushrooms--  into narrow strips.    3. Cut the radishes into thin strips; mix the strips with the pears,  chestnuts, dates, garlic, ginger, and red pepper threads.    4. Add the mushrooms and the remaining vegetables to the radish mixture.  Season with salt and mix throughly. This is the stuffing.    5. Pack the stuffing between the leaves by holding back the leaves and  layering the stuffing under them.    6. Firmly wrap the stuffed cabbage with the outer leaves to keep the  stuffing from coming out.    7. Stack the stuffed cabbage in a crock. Grate the one remaining pear and  strain; mix the pear juice with salted water and pour over the cabbage.  Cover the cabbage with the salted coarse leaves set aside and put a weight  on top.    8. To serve, trim off the root-base and cut across the cabbage at 1 1/2" (4  cm) intervals. Place them in a bowl and ladle the kimchi juice on top.    GNC KOREA    Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.