Whole Cabbage Kimchi
Korean radishes, Pickled yellow corvina, Pasty with wa, Garlic bulbs, Inch, table salt, Korean watercress, Sugar, Sponge seaweed, Bundle, Bundle, Coarse salt, Ginger roots, Green onion, Bundle, Oysters, Red pepper powder, Pickled baby shrimp, Red pepper, Green thread onions, Into 2 inch le, Indian mustard leaves, Into 2 inch le, napa cabbage, Chopped, 
1 Trimming and salting the cabbage.  Trim off the coarse, discolored outer  leaves of the cabbage and save them.  Insert a knife through the bottom of  the cabbage head, cutting down one-third of the cabbage length. Once the  bottom part is cut through, split it apart holding each side. This way, the  tender inner leaves willnot be damaged. Soak the cabbage sections and the  removed coarse leaves in a brine prepared with 3 cups of salt iand 4 quarts  of water for 3 to 4 hours or until softened. Then, rinse throughly in cold  water and drain.    2 Preparing the pickled fish juice.  Cut the pickled yellow corvina into  narrow strips; boil in its juice and bones with a little water and strain.    Preparations:    1  cut the trimmed cabbage heads into 2 or 4 sections and soak them in the  brine.    2  cut the radishes into thin julienne.    3  cut the sponge seaweed into 2" lengths.  wash the oysters in slightly  salted water    4  Mix the raddish strips with the red pepper paste until the peppery red  color is set    5  mix in all the remainding ingredients.  Season with salt, pickled fish  juice, and sugar.  Finally the stuffing is ready when the mixture is tossed  with the oysters    6  pack the stuffing between the layers of leaves holding back the leaves  and layering the stuffing under them.    7 firmly wrap the stuffed cabbage with the outer leaves; stack them in a  crock, cover with the salted coarse leaves (preliminaries), and press down  lightly.    Recipe By     :    From: Av718@freenet.Carleton.Ca (Ann Codate: Tue, 14 Feb 1995 15:36:14  ~0500    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip