Fall Vegetable Risotto
Butternut squash, Nonfat low-salt chicken, Salt and pepper, Leeks; dice, white part and, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Arborio rice, Garlic, Chopped fresh flatleaf, Chopped fresh thyme, Chopped fresh rosemary, Chopped fresh sage, Freshly grated nutmeg, Grated orange zest, Orange; juiced, OPTIONS, Pecans; toasted and chopped, Freshly grated, 
Cut squash in half lengthwise, then scoop out and discard seeds. Peel and  cut into 1/2- inch chunks.    In a medium-size saucepan over high heat, bring broth and 3 cups water to a  simmer. Add squash and simmer until almost tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove  squasht season with salt and pepper, and set aside. Reserve broth  separately.    Place leeks and tips cup water in a large frying pan. Cover and simmer  until leeks are soft, about 12 minutes, adding more water if it evaporates.  Reserve leeks, and add cooking liquid to reserved broth.    Warm broth over low heat on a back burner. Warm olive oil in a large  skillet over medium heat. Add rice and cook, stirring constantly, 2 to 3  minutes. With a ladle, add about 3/4 cup broth and stir to free rice from  bottom and sides of pan.    When rice has absorbed first addition of broth, add another ladleful of  stock. Stir often to keep rice from sticking, adding more stock a ladleful  at a time to keep grains moist. After 10 minutes of adding broth and  stirring, add leeks, garlic. and next 7 ingredients (through juice) and  continue to stir. Continue to add broth until the rice is render with no  chalky centers (but still firm), 18 to 22 minutes. If you run out of broth,  add hot water. When rice is just tender, add an additional ladle of broth  or water and reserved squash. Remove pan from heat, cover, and let sit 5  minutes. Season with salt and pepper.    To serve, place the risotto in a bowl and garnish with pecans and cheese.  Serves 6.    [Per serving (without options): Calories 330 (11% from fat), Fat 4 g (1 g  saturated), Protein 9 g, Carbohydrate 66 g, Fiber 8 g, Cholesterol 0 mg,  Iron 5 mg, Sodium 105 mg, Calcium 118 mg]    *Recipe 1998 by Joanne Weir, cooking class; reprinted September, 1998  Health (Magazine from Time, Inc.)    Notes: Weir teaches in more than 40 cites a year. For a list of her  upcoming classes write to her online at weircook@aol.com. See also Weir  Cooking at ShawGuides:  http://206.65.86.112/cgi-bin/rbox/sg.pl?s=3&i=rec&v=76    Recipe by: Cooking Demo (1998) Joanne Weir*    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Aug 27,  1998, 