"I Cant Believe This Is a Passover Cake" Yellow Cake
Passover vanilla sugar, Eggs, Matzoh cake meal, Potato Starch, Lemon zest, Sugar, Salt, Lemon juice, unsalted Passover, Potato starch, 
Technically, this recipe is a cross between a true sponge cake, a classic  genoise and a chiffon cake. I like it because I do not have to separate the  egg whites and yet I get a well- textured cake. It is an exceedingly MOIST  cake that keep well and is a good foundation for fresh fruit, pareve,  Passover mousse, or a chocolate ganache topping. Although the eggs are not  separated you must treat them with care. Another must is a good,  stationary, electric stationary mixer (e.g. such as a Kitchenaid, Rival or  Sunbeam) with a whisk or whip attachment that will properly mount the  warmed, whole eggs. "Are you sure this is a Passover cake" is the reaction  most people have on their first bite of this flavorful cake. For people who  loathe dry cakes and think Passover cakes are suspect at best, this is a  must. A good cake to have if someone in your family has a birthday during  Passover.    Preheat oven to 350 F. Generously grease a ten inch springform pan or a 9  by 13 inch rectangular pan. Dust with potato starch and line bottom with  parchment paper, cut to fit.    Warm eggs (still in shells - do not open) by placing in a bowl and covering  with very hot water for 1-2 minutes (water should be hot but not so hot as  to crack eggs open and cook them but hot enough to warm them up. Do not  leave eggs in water longer than 1-2 minutes). This is the most important  step. Do not omit it. Heat mixing bowl by filling with very hot water and  then dry completely.    Meanwhile, sift together cake meal and potato starch. Place lemon juice and  melted margarine in a small bowl together. Set these ingredients aside.    Break warmed eggs into mixing bowl of an electric mixer along with sugar,  vanilla sugar, salt, and citrus zest. Using whip attachment, beat on low  speed just very briefly just to combine ingredients. Then increase to high  speed for 12 minutes. Batter will be extremely voluminous.    Pour batter into a very large mixing bowl. In a smaller bowl, stir together  the potato starch/matzoh cake meal mixture, combining well. Then fold this  mixture into egg batter, folding gently to combine but taking care not to  deflate the mixture unduly (some deflation is impossible to avoid). Gently  drizzle and fold in lemon juice and melted margarine or oil.    Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake 30-35 minutes until cake is set in  centre or until cake seems just firm when lightly touched. Cool well before  removing. Note: This is not a high cake (anywhere from 1 1/2 inches to 2  1/2 inches high) but it is very flavorful and moist.    Serves 8-10    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by BNLImp@aol.com on Feb 14, 1998