Adult Baked Macaroni
Live lobsters; preferably, Sprigs fresh thyme, Handful of coarse salt, Sprigs fresh flat-leaf, Heavy cream, OPTIONAL, Truffle oil, Truffles; (black or white),, Black peppercorns, Grated Parmesan, Lemons cut in half, Vegetable or olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly, Dried penne, Bay leaf, Provolone cheese; (imported,, Fresh spinach; washed,, 
Carole Peck Owner/Executive Chef The Good News Cafe, Woodbury CT; Author,  The Buffet Book (Viking Penguin 1997)    "I do not believe there is one food that is an aphrodisiac, but some dishes  can be so comforting that they make you more relaxed and in a more loving  mood."    To cook the lobster fill an 8-10 quart pot three-fourths full with water.  Add the thyme, parsley, peppercorns, and bay leaf. Squeeze in the juice of  the lemons, then drop them in the pot. Cover and bring to a rolling boil  over high heat. Add the lobsters and cook 12 to 15 minutes. Drain the  lobsters in a colander, cover with ice, and let cool.    When the lobster is cool enough to handle, pull the tail from the body and  remove the claws. Discard the body, or reserve for use in a sauce or stock.  Cut the shell from the tail using a knife or scissors and remove the meat.  With the blunt end of a knife chop off the tips of the claws as close to  the ends as possible (this will help release the meat from the claws).  Crack the claws in the center, break open, and carefully remove the claw  meat without breaking apart. Meat from the larger claws will have a piece  of cartilage in it; this can be pulled out from the area where the claw  fingers meet. Cut the tail meat into 1/2 inch slices. Leave the claws whole  to use as a garnish. Set the lobster meat aside until ready to assemble the  pasta dish.    To cook the pasta, fill a 6 to 8 quart pot with water, add salt, cover, and  bring to a boil over high heat. Add the penne and stir. Cook the pasta for  approximately 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente. Pour into a colander to  drain. Do not rinse the pasta; just toss it to remove any excess water.  Sprinkle the oil over the pasta and toss with a large chefs fork. Pour the  pasta onto a sheet tray or shallow dish to cool (if it looks too sticky,  sprinkle some more oil on at this point). Let the pasta cool to room  temperature.    When the pasta is cooled pre-heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the  cooled pasta in a bowl with the Parmesan and provolone cheese, spinach,  heavy cream, and lobster meat (except claws). Season with salt and pepper.  Transfer to a large round, oval, or oblong baking dish and bake for  approximately 25 minutes, until bubbling hot. Garnish with the lobster  claws and truffle slivers (if using).    Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Mar 04, 1998