White Chocolate Black Pepper Mousse Napoleon Pt 1
Orange liqueur; such as, APRICOT COMPOTE, Water, Granulated sugar, Water; divided, Unflavored powdered gelatin, All-purpose flour, Ground ginger, Granulated sugar, Heavy cream, (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted, Egg yolks, GINGERSESAME TUILES, WHITE CHOCOLATE BLACK PEPPER, Sesame seeds, Orange liqueur, Black Pepper, Honey, White chocolate; coarsely, Dried apricots, Granulated sugar, 
YIELD: 4 servings DIFFICULTY: ** PREPARATION: 2 1/2 hours plus baking and  chilling times.    Make the apricot compote:    1.In a medium saucepan, combine the apricots, water, sugar and orange  liqueur. Cook the mixture over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until  the sugar dissolves. Bring the mixture to a boil; reduce the heat to  medium-low and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the  heat and allow it to cool for 15 minutes. Remove 12 whole apricots from the  compote and set them aside for garnish. Pour the remaining compote into the  bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process the mixture  for 30 to 45 seconds, until smooth. Transfer the pur?e to a small bowl,  cover and refrigerate until ready to use.    Make the ginger-sesame tuiles:    1.In a small bowl place the flour, sesame seeds and ginger. Using a whisk,  gently stir the dry mixture until combined.    2.In a medium saucepan combine the butter, sugar and honey. Cook the  mixture over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the butter is  melted, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a 4 1/2-quart bowl of a  heavy-duty electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. At low speed,  gradually add the dry flour mixture to the butter-honey mixture. Scrape  down the side of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Continue to mix the batter  at low speed until just warm, about 5 minutes. Cover the bowl and allow the  batter to sit at room temperature for 2 hours.    3.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 F. Spray a  baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Drop two 1 teaspoon-size balls of  the batter onto the sheet, 6 inches apart (begin by baking only 2 tuiles at  a time, to get an idea of how they will spread in your oven). Bake the  tuiles for 4 to 6 minutes, until golden brown. Allow the tuiles to cool for  3 to 5 minutes on the baking sheet, then carefully transfer them with a  spatula to a wire rack to cool completely. Continue this baking process,  respraying the baking sheet as necessary, until all the batter is used.    Make the white chocolate black pepper mousse:    1.Melt the white chocolate according to the directions in the Chocolate  Melting Tips. Set aside to cool.    2.In a chilled 4 1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer, using the  wire whip attachment, whip the cream until it just begins to mound. Set  aside in the refrigerator until ready to use.    3.Place 3 tablespoons of the cold water in a small, heatproof cup. Sprinkle  the gelatin over the water and let it stand for 5 minutes to soften.    4.Place the cup with the softened gelatin in a saucepan with enough water  to come halfway up the side of the cup. Heat the gelatin mixture over hot,  not simmering, water. Stir the gelatin frequently until it dissolves  completely and the mixture is clear, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the pan  from the heat and set aside.    5.In a 4 1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer, place the egg  yolks, orange liqueur, the remaining 2 tablespoons of water, the black  pepper and the sugar. Place the bowl over a pot of hot water. The bottom of  the bowl must touch the water. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly  for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the yolk mixture is light and fluffy and has  reached 140 F. on an instant-read thermometer. Place the bowl on the mixer  stand and, with the wire whip    continued in part 2