White Chocolate Cheesecake
RASPBERRY SAUCE, Unsalted butter or, Heavy cream; (evaporated, Ladyfinger crumbs, Heavy cream; (Evaporated, Vanilla extract, FILLING, WHITE CHOCOLATE GANACHE, Fresh raspberries; for, Dark rum, Crust, White chocolate; coarsely, Unsalted butter or margarine, Red currant jelly, White chocolate, White chocolate; finely, Whole raspberries, Eggs, Cream cheese, Sugar, Sour cream, 
MAKE THE CRUST: In a food processor or blender or with fork, combine the  ladyfinger crumbs and the white chocolate and process until the chocolate  is finely chopped. Blend in the butter. Wrap the outside of a 9-inch  springform pan in aluminum foil. Press the crust into the bottom and up the  sides of the pan. Chill the crust. Preheat the oven to 275 degrees. Set a  shallow baking pan filled with hot water on the bottom rack of the oven.  PREPARE THE FILLING: In a double boiler, melt the white chocolate with the  cream over hot, not simmering, water. Set aside to cool slightly. In a  large bowl, beat the cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Beat in the sour  cream, eggs, and vanilla. Beat in the white chocolate cream. Pour into the  prepared pan. Set the cheesecake on the center rack and bake for 1 hour.  Reduce the heat to 250 degrees and bake for 1 hour longer. Without opening  the oven, turn off the heat but leave the cake in the oven for 1 hour. Cool  the cheesecake on a rack for 30 minutes. MEANWHILE, MAKE THE GANACHE: Place  the white chocolate (no need to use so much white chocolate) in a medium  bowl. In a small saucepan, bring the cream and butter to a simmer. Pour the  hot cream over the chocolate. Let stand, covered, for 5 minutes, the stir  until smooth. Let the ganache cool to room temperature. Pour the ganache  over the cheesecake and spread it smooth. Cover the cheesecake and  refrigerate for at least 8 hours or overnight. To unmold, wrap a hot wet  towel around the pan, then remove the sides of the springform. Garnish the  cheesecake with fresh raspberries at the edge of the circle. Cut into  wedges and serve with the Raspberry Sauce. PREPARE FRESH RASPBERRY SAUCE:  Melt jelly in small saucepan over very low heat. Remove from heat and stir  in rum. Add raspberries and mix gently, being careful not to crush.    Recipe by: Mrs. Fields I Love Chocolate! Cookbook, p. 38 - Library    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "C.M. Davis" <comet9@worldnet.att.net> on Mar  25, 1998