4th Street Chocolate Kit Kat Bars
Corn flakes; crushed lightly, GANACHE, MOUSSE, Cocoa powder, Peanut butter; creamy, Butter, Semisweet chocolate, Egg yolks, Sugar, Heavy cream, Milk chocolate chips, Semisweet chocolate, Heavy cream, Crust, 
From: AUNTIEFIFI@aol.com (Mimi Markofsky)    Date: Sun, 14 Apr 1996 01:54:06 -0400    Recipe By: Jeffrey Smith (Chef Tag/Free Press 11/19/95)  CRUST: Line a 9 x 13" cake pan with parchment paper. Melt milk chocolate in  a double boiler. Stir peanut butter into melted chocolate. Place crushed  corn flakes in a bowl and stir chocolate/peanut butter mixture over them,  mixing well. Spread mixture evenly into prepared pan and cool in  refrigerator.    MOUSSE: Melt semisweet chocolate in a double boiler. Cream butter and sugar  in a mixer fitted with a paddle, beating until light and fluffy. Add sifted  cocoa powder and mix well. Scrape down bowl and add chocolate. Continue  mixing and add egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Fold in heavy cream that has been beaten to firm peak. Mix well to  incorporate, leaving no white streaks in the chocolate. Spread mousse over  crust. Chill about 2 hours, until set. Cut into desired size bars (1 x  4-1/2 " cuts will yield about 2 dozen bars) with a sharp knife dipped in  hot water. Place bars on a cooling rack that has been placed over a clean  baking sheet. If bars are soft, place rack in freezer until ganache is  ready. (Bars may be completed at this time or coated with ganache)    GANACHE: Melt chocolate in double boiler. Mix sugar and heavy cream in a  small saucepan and bring mixture to a slow boil over low heat (be careful  not to scorch the cream). Pour cream over chocolate and stir with a whisk  to incorporate, making sure all the chocolate is melted. Strain mixture to  remove any pieces of unmelted chocolate. Let cool for about 1 hour. Pour  ganache over firm bars to coat. Refrigerate for 1 hour to firm ganache.    MC-RECIPE@MASTERCOOK.COM    MASTERCOOK RECIPES LIST SERVER    MC-RECIPE DIGEST V1 #42    From the MasterCook recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.