Adobo De Chile Ancho
Ancho Chilies; Dried, Mexican Oregano; Dried, Broth, Salt, Cloves; Scant - Ground, Black Pepper; Freshly Ground, Garlic Cloves; Unpeeled, Cumin Seed, 
1. THE GARLIC AND CHILES. Set a heavy ungreased skillet or griddle over  medium heat. Lay the unpeeled garlic on the hot surface and let it roast to  a sweet mellowness, turning occasionally, until soft when pressed between  your fingers (youll notice it has blackened in a few small spots), about  15 minutes. Cool, then slip off the papery skins and roughly chop.    While the garlic is roasting, break the stems off the chiles, tear the  chiles open and remove the seeds. Next, toast the chiles a few at a time on  our medium-hot skillet or griddle; Open them flat, lay them on the hot  surface skin-side up, press flat for a few seconds with a metal spatula (if  the temperature is right youll hear a faint crackle), then flip them. (If  pressed long enough, thyll have changed to a mottled tan underneath. If  you see a slight wisp of smoke, thats okay, but any more will mean burnt  chiles.) Now, press down again to toast the other side. Transfer to a bowl,  cover with hot water and let rehydrate for 30 minutes, stirring regularly  to ensure even soaking. Pour off all the water and discard.    2. THE SEASONING. If using whole spices, pulverize the oregano, pepper,  cumin and cloves in a spice grinder or mortar then transfer to a food  processor or blender, along with the drained chiles and garlic. Measure in  the broth and process to a smooth puree, scraping and stirring every few  seconds. (If youre using a blender and the mixture wont move through the  blades, add more broth, a little at a time, unitl everything is moving, but  still as thick as possible.) With a rubber spatula, work the puree through  a medium-mesh strainer into a bowl; discard the skins and seeds that remain  behind in the strainer. Tast (itll ahve a rough, raw edge to it), then  season with salt.    ADVANCE PREPARATION - Covered and refrigerated, the marinade will keep for  about 2 weeks; it also freezes well    OTHER CHILES YOU CAN USE - Though I want you to learn the unique flavor of  ancho by making this seasoning solo, its very commonly made with half  ancho (for rich sweetness) and half guajillo (for tangy brightness); a few  chipoltes in the mix adds heat and complexity. Always substitue an  equivalent weight of chiles.    TRADITIONAL DISHES THAT USE THIS ESSENTIAL AS A STARTING POINT - Spice  Chile-Baked Oysters, Street-Style Red Chile Enchiladas, Simple Red Mole  Enchiladas, Chile-Glazed Sweet Potatoes, Red Chile Rice, Red Chile-Braised  Chicken, Ancho-Marinated Whole Roast Fish.    Suggested Wine: T    NOTES : If you take a few minutes to make this medium-spicy seasoning paste  from toasted, rehydrated ancho chiles, ssweet roasted garlic and spices,  youll have a gold mine in the refrigerator.  More versatile than salsas  (which are spooned on as condiments), this deep burgundy, almost fluffy  puree can be turned into the most complex dishes in the Mexican collection,  from slow-simmered, rich, red mole and quick-seard red-chile enchiladas to  garnet-colored rice.  I even use it to flavor American style baked beans .  Start withthis seasoning to learn how to clean, toast, soak, puree and  strain dried chiles - itll seem awkward if you havent done it before, but  when you taste what the seasoning does to different dishes, youll keep  making it until the process seems second nature  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #914 by "Karrie Brothers"  <K_Brothers@classic.msn.com> on Nov 18, 97