About Grouper From Great Fish, Quick By Leslie Revsin
Grouper, Grouper; approximately, Whole grouper fillet, 
"Quick" is the operative word: Most of the recipes for grouper take 45  minutes or less to prepare.    Grouper can be grilled, sauteed, fried, stir-fried, broiled, roasted or  baked, says the author. Its a white-fleshed fish, mild, moist and slightly  sweet - just the kind of not-too-fishy fish that can win over people who  shy away from more strongly flavored types.    Grouper is found in temperate waters from the Mid-Atlantic through the Gulf  of Mexico. Lowcountry fishermen have been catching grouper offshore  recently, but you can find it on land, too - if not in your grocery store,  then at a seafood shop.    Revsin says good grouper will have firm, somewhat satiny flesh, translucent  white to pale pink color, and with "a clean, ocean aroma." Avoid fish with  flesh thats bruised, discoloring, soft or mushy, as well as fish that  smells like ammonia, she says.    The thickness of the fillets is important: They should be no more than 3/4  inch to 1 inch thick, says Revsin. When she was a restaurant chef in New  York, she often got fillets that were more than 1 inch thick, and she  noticed then that the edges curled up as they cooked.    "If you see fillets that are more than 3/4 inch in thickness, theyve been  cut from a very large fish, and when cooked they usually become coarse and  tough," she says. "They may be fine for a slow-braised fish dinner, but  theyll turn on you if you approach them with short-cooking methods."    Sauteed, grilled or quickly broiled, thick fillets can turn into gnarled,  twisted shapes, says Revsin. "That satisfying chewiness, which I like,  turns into a rubberiness, which I dont like," she says.    *Chef Leslie Revsin, from Bronxville, NY. Worked restaurants in New York.  Latest book has recipes for grouper and all her other fish favorites,  "Great Fish, Quick" (Doubleday, $27.50).    * Revsin was the first female chef at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York  City. She opened her own place, Restaurant Leslie, in 1977, and since then  has served as executive chef at the Bridge Cafe, One Fifth Avenue and  Argenteuil in New York City. She also has been a chef at the Inn at Pound  Ridge in Westchester, N.Y.    see: Broiled Grouper With Grain Mustard-Pineapple Vinaigrette; Grilled  Grouper With Ancho Chile Butter; Sauteed Grouper With Spicy Black Beans;  Sauteed Grouper With Tropical Fruit Salsa.    Reviewed by Ann Burger <http://www.charleston.net> on May 6, 1998; Edited  by Hanneman;     Recipe by: Book Review by ANN BURGER, 05/06/98    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Kitpath <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on May 06,  1998