White Chocolate Bavarian Squares
milk, Sugar, Fine-quality white, Pecans, Water, Egg yolks, Whipping cream, Spirited Cold Chocolate, Envelope unflavored gelatin, White creme de cacao, 
From: elayne@usa.pipeline.com (Elayne Cohen)    Date: Tue, 9 Jul 1996 22:11:31 GMT  Found online at the Jewish Bulletin of California:    Looking for love recipes? Chocolate evokes romance. By Zillah Bahar    Nothing gets people together like the love of chocolate. It makes sense, as  the ancients (not our ancients, but the Aztecs, who really knew from food)  considered it an aphrodisiac. And who, even in these grumpy, post modern  times, can deny the indulgent romance that chocolate evokes?    The recipe for White Chocolate Bavarian Squares comes from "Faye Levys  Sensational Chocolate" (HPBooks, 1992, $14.95). It was inspired by a dish  at one of the authors favorite restaurants in Israel. The Israeli version,  writes Levy, is a vanilla Bavarian cream accompanied by dark chocolate  sauce and sprinkled with chopped nuts. It is served right from the dish  rather than unmolded.    Levys version is exceptionally creamy and delicately flavored with white  chocolate, complemented by a sauce spiked with creme de cacao and the  crunch of pecans.    If youre single, bring it along to the next party you attend. If that  handsome young man or woman youre ogling from across the room doesnt  bite, forget it. He or she probably doesnt like chocolate, and in that  case, isnt worth your trouble. Just no fun.    If youre in a loving relationship, prepare it for a special occasion. Or  at your next dinner party, expect to dazzle your most discriminating close  personals with this deceptively dainty dessert.    Refrigerate 1 cup cream. Place white chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring  remaining 1/4 cup cream to a full boil in a small heavy saucepan. Pour over  chocolate all at once.  Stir with whisk until mixture is smooth and set  aside.    Sprinkle gelatin over 1/4 cup water in a small cup. Bring milk to a boil in  a small heavy saucepan.  Whisk egg yolks in a large bowl. Add sugar to the  egg yolks and whisk until blended. Gradually whisk hot milk into the egg  yolk-sugar mixture. Return mixture to saucepan.  Cook over medium-low heat,  stirring mixture and scraping bottom of pan constantly with the wooden  spoon, until mixture thickens slightly and reaches 165 to 170 degrees on a  candy thermometer. This should take about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and  immediately add softened gelatin. Whisk in gelatin until it completely  dissolves. Pour custard into a large bowl; stir about 30 seconds to cool.  Cool for 10 minutes.    Using a whisk, gradually stir custard mixture into chocolate mixture.  Return mixture to large bowl; cool to room temperature, stirring  occasionally. Gradually stir in creme de cacao.    Refrigerate about 20 minutes, or set bowl in a larger bowl of iced water  and leave 10 minutes, stirring very often, or until mixture is cold and  beginning to thicken but is not set. Meanwhile, lightly oil an  8-inch-square baking dish or serving dish.    In a large chilled bowl, whip remaining 1 cup cream until nearly stiff.  Gently fold into chocolate mixture. Pour into prepared dish; smooth top.  Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours or until set. Dessert can be kept 2  days in the refrigerator; liqueur flavor weakens after 1 day.    Cut dessert into 2-1/2-inch squares. Use a broad spatula to transfer to  plates. Spoon chocolate sauce over each serving and sprinkle with pecans.    JEWISH-FOOD digest 244    From the Jewish Food recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.