What Is a Bagel? Pt 3
See part 1, 
machine. Either active dry yeast or fast-rising yeast can be used.    1. Mix 1/4 of the liquid to 110-115 degrees in the microwave and add to the  yeast and sugar in a small cup. Mix gently and let sit for 5 minutes. Pour  remaining liquid in a cup and make it very cool, right out of the  refrigerator, or add an ice cube.    2. Put the metal cutting blade into the food processor bowl. Measure flour  and salt and put them into the processor bowl. Pulse tow or three times,  just enough to mix the flour and salt. Add any oil or butter and pulse  until it disappears, tow or three pulses.    NOTE: Most food processors can mix 3 1/4 to 3 1/2 cups of flour. However,  its possible to mix a larger or double batch of dough. If the machine  balks, it will stop automatically. Let it cool down and restart it. Or  divide dough in half and continue processing each half separately. When  mixed, knead the two batches together.    3. Pour yeast mixture into flour through the feeding tube and pulse for  another 5 or 10 seconds until it forms a ball. Pulse a few more times to  knead. When dough appears to come away from sides, it is ready.    4. Remove dough from the processor bowl and hand-knead to remove any gases.  Let it rest for about 5 minutes. If its not elastic enough, add a few more  drops of water; if its still too sticky, add a sprinkle of flour until it  is smooth, velvety and elastic. The first rise can be done in a microwave  oven in about 15 minutes or in a bowl in a draft-free environment for about  1 hour. Microwave ovens vary in wattage, so the rise period and settings  may vary. You may have to experiment.    To use a microwave oven, after the dough is kneaded, carefully remove it  and the metal blade from the processor bowl. Form dough into a rectangle  long enough to wrap once around the processor bowl. Grease dough with oil  or nonstick vegetable spray, but do not cover bowl. (Be sure the bowl has  no metal parts.) Place the bowl in the microwave.    Method 1: Microwave on LOW (30%), or DEFROST (about 30%), for 1 minute. Let  rest for 10 minutes. Repeat microwaving and resting 1 to 2 times, until the  dough has doubled in size. Test with your fingers until a dent remains. If  the dough springs back and dough has not doubled, microwave once more for a  few minutes until a dent does remain and dough appears doubled in size.    Method 2: Or, place dough in the processor bowl as instructed. Position an  8-ounce microwave-safe cup filled with water in the back corner of the  microwave. cover the processor bowl lightly with a damp tea towel or  plastic wrap and place it in the microwave on LOW (30%), or DEFROST (30%)  setting. Heat for 3 minutes, rest for 3 minutes, heat for 3 minutes and  rest for 6 minutes, repeating the 3-minute heat and the 6-minute rest once  or twice if necessary, until dough has doubled in bulk.    To allow dough to rise in a draft free environment, place dough in a large  bowl lightly oiled with vegetable oil. Turn dough so all surfaces are  greased. Cover with plastic wrap sprayed with nonstick vegetable spray and  let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 to 2 hours.    Proceed to Shape Bagels.    THE HEAVY DUTY MIXER WITH A DOUGH HOOK    A heavy duty electric mixer with a dough hook will make short work of  mixing small or large batches of dough quickly.    Combine the warm liquid (110-115 degrees), syrup, honey or sugar, oil and  yeast, and then add half the flour and all other dry ingredients. Add  remaining flour until a ball forms.    The dough hook will do part or all of the kneading, which should take about  5 minutes. If the dough begins to strain the machine, add more water so it  becomes softer (check your manufacturers directions; a heavy duty mixer  with a dough hook should have no problem kneading). When dough appears near  desired consistency, remove it from the bowl and knead in extra dough until  it forms a soft ball. Follow the same first rise procedures as in the hand  mixing or food processor methods. If a fast-rising yeast is used, the first  rise is not necessary.    Proceed to Shape Bagels.    BY HAND:    Mix together warm water (110-115 degrees), yeast and 1 tsp. sugar and let  stand for 5 minutes. In a large bowl, add remaining sugar, salt and 2 cups  flour. Stir in the yeast mixture. Add remaining flour, stirring to form  dough.    continued in part 4