White Beans and Collard Greens Soup
Vegetable cooking spray, Collard greens, Onion, celery, Carrot, fresh mushrooms, fresh thyme, Bouquet garnish, Pepper, Water, Concentrated soup base, Cooked french beans, Roasted mixed vegetables;, Sea salt, GARNISH, Lemon zest, fresh cilantro, black pepper, 
1. Remove spines from about 4 collard leaves. Rinse well. Towel dry. Cut  into long ribbons, about 1-1/4 wide. Stack the ribbons and jullienne.    2. Spray a large soup pan and lightly brown the raw onion, celery, carrots,  mushrooms and collards. Stir-fry for about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with  thyme, mixed herbs and pepper. Add the water, better than bouillon or  similar soup base, cooked flageolets and mixed vegetables on hand;  preferrably roasted. Heat until almost boiling. Simmer partially covered,  cooking gently for about 30 minutes, and the liquid has been reduced by  half (or to 3 or 4 cups). Taste and add salt if necessary; add more water  if desired. Cover, ajar, simmer another 10 minutes or so. Adjust heat to  cook up to another 30 minutes, but t its best not to overcook the greens  or the beans. Better to reheat in the microwave.    Serve two or three bowls of soup and garnish with finely chopped lemon zest  and cilantro, mixed with freshly ground black pepper.    REVIEW: This soup resembles Japanese miso in appearance: clear dark broth,  and slices of greens, mushrooms and carrots. The beans add flavor and  texture. Very good. The lemon adds a bite and the cilantro adds an after  glow.    NOTES: Cooked flageolet beans, drained; alternates are black eyed peas,  navy or northern white beans. Assorted leftover roasted vegetables: such as  potatoes, red onion, fennel bulb, carrots chunks, and/or parsnips with a  little white wine and vegetable broth: covered in 400F oven for about 30  minutes (stirring and adding liquid if necessary after 20 minutes.    resources: >For a similar soup, see Tuscan White Bean by Jeff Lehr in  Delicious! magazine with archives at www.newhope.com/public/delicious  >kitPATh mc-PER SERVING: 302CAL, 2.1G fat (6% cff). 10.9g fiber. 14.9g  protein, 58.4g carbs >Eat-LF Archives at www.reggie.com 1998Feb    Recipe by: Hanneman (1998)    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 03,  1998