White Chocoalate-Mint Truffles
Heavy cream, Powdered sugar; sifted, White chocolate; cut in 2", Fresh mint; chopped, White creme de menthe, Bittersweet chocolate; cut, Unsalted butter, 
1. Chop mint and set aside; you should have 1/4 cup. 2. Melt the white  chocolate with the cream in the top of a double boiler set over simmering  water. When melted, you can turn off the heat and let the mixture sit in  the bowl until ready to use. 3. Whisk in the creme de menthe, chopped mint  and the butter and blend until smooth. Pour this mixture into a wide,  shallow pan to a depth of about 1 inch. Chill (or freeze) until set. 4.  Melt the bittersweet chocolate in the top of a double boiler. 5. Use a  melon baller to scoop the appropriate amount of white chocolate to form  into a small ball; completely submerge the chocolate ball in the  bittersweet chocolate, then scoop it out with a fork, allowing excess to  run off. Roll the coated truffle in the powdered sugar to coat completely.  Freeze until ready to serve. *See Notes for more explanation*  NOTES : When buying white (or any) chocolate, ask for a "couverture"       quality product as they contain at least 31% cocoa butter. Check       the ingredients on the white chocolate to see that it contains       cocoa butter, NOT vegetable oil.       White chocolate does not set as firmly as other types; it is       necessary to keep it as cold as possible while still being       workable. You may have to re-chill it occasionally.       he truffle cream should be smooth and shiny; it can easily be done       in a food processor once the chocolate is melted. The butter       should be at room temp to facilitate the process. If the truffle       cream looks a little dull, whisk in a little more liqueur.       he temp of the dark chocolate should not be too hot, but you may       have to reheat it if it becomes to cool. Pay attention to how well       it is covering the truffles to guide you; do not let the formed       truffles sit in the dark chocolate too long, they will melt.       nce coated chill quickly! Can be frozen for 90 days.