Acorda
Fruity olive oil, Salt, Stale country bread; broken, Small clams (about 40); well, Large shrimp (about 18);, White wine, Cilantro; leaves only, Garlic, Mussels (about 40);, Cilantro sprigs; for garnish, Black pepper; freshly ground, Free range eggs (optional);, Clam juice or fish stock, 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, toss the bread cubes with 3  tablespoons of the olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.  Spread the bread on a baking sheet and toast until golden, watching  carefully. Set aside. In a large saucepan or stockpot, combine the wine and  the clams. Cover the pan and, over medium highheat, cook the clams, shaking  the pan occasionally, for about 10 minutes. Remove the clams to a bowl with  a slotted spoon, discarding any that have not opened. Add the mussels and  cook in the same way, again discarding any that do not open. Transfer the  mussels to the bowl with the clams, and remove all the meat from the  shells. Set the shellfish aside. Discard the shells and add the liquor from  the bowl back into the pan with the wine. Strain the cooking water through  a fine strainer lined with cheesecloth, return it to a clean pan, and add  the clam juice. Meanwhile, in a mortar and pestle or a food processor,  process the cilantro, garlic, and 3/4 teaspoons salt to a paste. Transfer  the mixture to a large, heated serving tureen with a lid and stir in the  remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Bring the wine and clam juice mixture  back to a simmer and add the cooked shellfish and the raw shrimp. Simmer  for 3 minutes, add the bread chunks and stir for 2 minutes more, or until  the soup is very hot. Drizzle the egg mixture over the top, stirring slowly  in a circle. Immediately pour the simmering mixture into the tureen, stir  to mix, and ladle the soup into heated bowls at the table. Garnish with a  sprig of cilantro. Yield: 6 servings Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK,  G.P., All Rights Reserved  Recipe By     : TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW #TH6194    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #287    Date: Sat, 09 Nov 1996 08:27:59 -0600    From: Pat Asher <asher@mcs.com>