Adult Monster Pasta - Part 1
Beets; roast, Whipping cream or heavy, Semolina flour; divide, Fresh garlic; mince, divide, Salt, Parmesan cheese; grate,, Monster pasta, Olive oil; divide, Sun-dried tomato pieces;, Dry white wine, Wild mushrooms; trim, slice, Red or yellow bell pepper;, Spinach; saute, Salt and fresh ground pepper, Fresh chives; snip, divide, Eggs, 
In a large skillet, heat 1 tb of the olive oil over medium heat. Add 1 tb  of the garlic and cook until tender, 1-2 minutes; do not brown. Add the  sun-dried tomato and stir with garlic. Add the white wine, cooking until  reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Stir in the whipping or heavy cream;  continue cooking until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 8  minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat. Puree the sauce  in batches. Place about half the sauce in a blender and close the cover,  leaving the small, removable feeder cap in the center slightly open to let  heat escape. Place a kitchen towel over the cover. Hold the feeder cap in  place and pulse mixture and puree until smooth. (Pureeing a hot mixture can  cause a heat buildup that can blow the lid off a blender.) Pour the pureed  sauce into a bowl and repeat procedure with remaining sauce. Reserve all  sauce. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the remaining 1 tb olive oil over  medium heat. Add the remaining 1 tb garlic and cook until tender, 1-2  minutes; do not brown garlic. Add the mushrooms, cooking until golden,  about 5 minutes. Add the red or yellow pepper, cooking until just warmed,  about 3 minutes. Add the reserved sauce. Stir in 2 tb of the chives and  adjust seasonings if necessary; keep warm. In a large pot of boiling salted  water, cook Monster Pasta until al dente, about 3 minutes. Drain in a  colander. Add the pasta to the skillet with the sauce and mix gently to  combine. To serve, evenly divide and mound the pasta in the centers of  eight warm, rimmed soup plates. Evenly divide the remaining 2 tb chives  over each serving. Sprinkle each serving with 1 tb tb of Parmesan cheese  and serve. 627 cal; 31 gr fat; 45% fat. Continued in Part 2. Source: The  Detroit Free Press. MM Waldine Van Geffen vghc42a@prodigy.com.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "M. Hicks" <nitro_ii@email.msn.com> on Feb 4,  1998