Absolutely Deep Dark Chocolate Fudge Biscuits
Light brown sugar, All-purpose flour, Unsweetened Chocolate, Salt, Unsalted butter, Chocolate chips, Vanilla, Baking soda, Eggs, Cocoa Powder, Chocolate, 
[Note: Instead of the unsweetened chocolate, I just used an extra 4ozs of  plain chocolate, and got perfect results. I think as long as youre using  *really* good plain chocolate, say at least 55% cocoa solids, it doesnt  really matter!]    Preheat the oven to 325F / 170C / Gas 3.    Sift together the flour, cocoa powder, bicarbonate of soda, and salt. Set  aside.    Heat 1 inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium  heat. Place the plain and the unsweetened chocolates in the top half of the  double boiler. Tightly cover the top with cling film and allow to heat for  12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir until smooth. Keep at room  temperature until needed.    Place the soft light brown sugar and butter in the bowl of an electric  mixer fitted with a paddle. Beat on medium for 1 minute. Scrape down the  bowl and beat on high for an additional 30 seconds. Scrape down the bowl.  Add the eggs, one at a time, while beating on medium, and stopping to  scrape down the bowl after incorporating each addition. Add the vanilla  essence and beat on medium for 30 seconds. Add the melted chocolate and  beat on low for 10 seconds more. Scrape down the bowl and beat for an  additional 30 seconds. Add the sifted flour, cocoa powder, bicarbonate of  soda, and salt, and the chocolate chips, and beat on low until thoroughly  combined - about 20 to 30 seconds. Remove the bowl from the mixer and mix  thoroughly with a rubber spatula.    Portion 6 to 8 biscuits per baking sheet by dropping 2 level tablespoons of  batter per biscuit onto each of 2 non-stick baking sheets. Place the  biscuits on the top and middle shelves of the preheated oven and bake for  18 to 22 minutes, rotating the sheets from top to bottom about halfway  through the baking time. Allow the biscuits to cool for 5 to 6 minutes on  the baking sheets. Transfer the biscuits to a cooling rack to thoroughly  cool before storing in a sealed plastic container. Repeat this    procedure until all the biscuits have been baked.    Makes 3 to 3.  5 dozen biscuits    >From Marcel Desaulniers "Death By Chocolate"    Recipe By: Paul Vincent <KNDUSR18@MSMAIL-GATEWAY. UNIVERSITY-CENTRAL- EN    