Adobo De Achiote
Salt, Mexican Oregano, Black pepper, Allspice, Cider vinegar, Garlic Clove; Peeled, Achiote Seeds, 
THE SPICE GRINDER METHOD: In a spice grinder, pulverize the achiote as  finely as possible, then dump it into a small bowl. Pulverize the allspice  and black pepper (if youre using whole) along with the oregano, and add to  the achiote. Sprinkle in the cider vinegar and mix thoroughly (itll be a  damp powder at this point and wont hold together). Roughly chop the  garlic, sprinkle it with salt, then, right back to your cutting board, use  the back of a spoon or the side of a knife to work it back and forth into a  paste. Little by little, work in the spice mixtire (it probably still wont  hold together). Last, work in a tablespoon or two of water, if its needed  to give the mixture the consistency of a thick paste.    THE MINICHOPPER METHOD: Pulverize the achiote, allspice, peppercorns and  oregano together with the sharp blade. Add the vinegar to the spices, along  with the garlic and salt. Pulse until the garlic is roughly chopped, then  let the machine run until everything is as smooth as possible. Dribble in a  tablespoon or two of water, if its necessary to bring everything together  into a thick, pasty consistency.    ADVANCE PREPARATION: This seasoning will last for several months in the  refrigerator, if tightly coverd (I suggest a small jar).    TRADITIONAL DISHES THAT USE THIS ESSENTIAL AS A STARTING POINT: Yucatecan  Grilled Fish Tacos, Achiote-Roasted Pork Tacos, Achiote Rice Supper with  Pork Carnitas, Achiote-Grilled Turkey Breast, Tomato-Braised Grouper    NOTES: Achiote is the saffron of Mexico; If its not fresh or if its used  in tiny pinches, the orangey color is all you notice. More than a pinch of  fresh achiote gives any dish an exotic. earthy perfume that to me is as  captivating as good, musky saffron; its certainly less expensive. Youll  know youve got fresh achiote when the little chalky-feeling seeds have a  punchy aroma and a vibrant rusty color thats more red than orange.    Though in Oaxaca they make "pure" achiote past (it has only a little salt,  sugar and acid added), it is the Yucatecan garlic-flavored, spice-riddled  achiote past that most Mexicans use. Even in the States Yucatecan achiote  past is available in most Mexican groceries. Homemade achiote paste has the  brightest, most concentrated flavors (some of the commercial brans contain  fillers), and its really very simple. Smeared over fish before its  grilled, slathered on pork before its braised or roasted, stirred in tamal  dough before its steamed -- achiote reveals the genius of Mexican cooks.  Not spicy-hot here, but spicy-complex without chile. My version nods more  in that direction than some Ive encountered. Silvio Campos, a Yucatecan  who came to Frontera Grill to make his famous pork pibil, made his with  double the achiote of mine and half the spices. Try that version for an  even more true-to-achiote flavor.    NOTES :   Achiote  is the saffron of Mexico;  If its not fresh or if its  used in tiny pinches, the orangey color is all you notice.  More than a  pinch of fresh achiote gives any dish an exotic. earthy perfume that to me  is as captivating as good, musky saffron; its certainly less expensive.  Youll know youve got fresh achiote when the little chalky-feeling seeds  have a punchy aroma and a vibrant rusty color thats more red than orange.  Though in Oaxaca they make "pure" achiote past (it has only a little salt,  sugar and acid added), it is the Yucatecan garlic-flavored, spice-riddled  achiote past that most Mexicans use. Even in the States Yucatecan achiote  past is available in most Mexican groceries. Homemade achiote paste has the  brightest, most concentrated flavors (some of the commercial brans contain  fillers), and its really very simple. Smeared over fish before its  grilled, slathered on pork before its braised or roasted, stirred in tamal  dough before its steamed -- ach  Recipe by: Rick Baylesss Mexican Kitchen    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #914 by "Karrie Brothers"  <K_Brothers@classic.msn.com> on Nov 18, 97