What Is a Bagel? Pt 1
Info recipe, 
A bagel is traditionally a hefty, dense ring of somewhat bland tasting  bread. But with different flours, such as rye and wheat, bagels take on  different tastes. Add raisins, blueberries, strawberries, dates and nuts  for a dessert-like bagel. Add veggies, onions, poppy seeds, peanut butter  and other ingredients for an infinite variety of taste combinations.    The popularity of bagels is as much attributed to what you can put on them  and in them as to what you add to the unbaked dough. They are the perfect  vehicles for spreads. Most often spreads consist of a cream cheese base  that may be mixed with salmon or lox, fruits, vegetables and spices -- in  myriad combinations. There are regional differences in how bagels are made,  and ongoing arguments about what constitutes the "perfect" bagel and best  spread combination.    The traditional bagel sandwich consists of cream cheese, lox, a slice of  onion and a slice of tomato. But thats only the beginning. Bagel  sandwiches are so popular that bagel bakeries often list 40 or 50 sandwich  variations on their menus. then there are mini bagels and bialys. For  catered bagel brunches, there are 3- to 6- pound bagels that are filled and  then cut into pie shaped wedges.    Bagels have a lot going for them. They dont crush or smash while being  carried; they dont melt from the heat or suffer from freezing. Theyre at  their optimum goodness when fresh and hot from out of the oven, but theyre  delicious, too, even when frozen, thawed and toasted. If they get stale,  they can be made into bagel chips or ground into bread crumbs. Theyre an  all-around convenient, no-waste food product that is well suited to todays  health conscious consumers.    The plain water bagel is low in calories compared to other traditional  breakfast foods. Estimates as to the number of calories in a bagel differ,  and its size is a factor. Most bagels weigh 4 to 5 ounces, and tally up to  between 150 to 200 calories. The addition of nuts, raisins, berries,  chocolate chips and other ingredients will add to the count. I saw a  cracked wheat bagel in a health food store that had 320 calories. Some  bagels weigh 6 ounces. Mini bagels may be 1 to 3 ounces, so the calories  vary accordingly.    Its the toppings and spreads that shoot up the calorie tab, though this  can be tempered by using light and fat-free cheeses, and spreads without  cheese. A whopping dollop of cream cheese slapped onto each half of a bagel  (2 tablespoons of cream cheese have 10 grams of fat and 100 calories) will  wipe out the innocence of the plain bagel. Two tablespoons of regular  preserves (there are sugar free varieties, too) can add on 50 calories but  no fat. And peanut butter? Well, you would rather not know, if youre  counting calories and grams of fat.    Still, youre better off with bagels than with a doughnut, which has 176  calories and 11 grams of fat. A homemade bran muffin (not the giant  restaurant or bakery size) has 112 calories and 5 grams of fat. A large  croissant has 300 calories, 17 grams of fat and 85 milligrams of  cholesterol. The butter will do it every time. There is no butter in a  bagel recipe. Only egg bagels have cholesterol; even that can be eliminated  using egg whites instead of a whole egg (or 1/4 cup liquid egg substitute).  But a sweet roll with nut and raisin Danish filing, and icing, can top them  all with about 360 calories, 2.3 grams of fat and 82.2 milligrams of  cholesterol.    The Best Bagels are made at home Donna Z. Meilach ISBN 1-55867-131-5    Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook    ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS    The process is simple. Initially, the boiling procedure may seem strange,  but once youve done it, youll wonder why you hesitated. Just boil a pot  of water as you would for spaghetti, and boil the shaped bagel for about 2  minutes, turning once. Your first few bagels may not come out round and  smooth on top, but theyll taste good anyway. Be patient. The second batch  will look better; by the third, you mat think youre ready to go into  business.    Basically, these are the basic steps required to make bagels. Well go into  each in detail.    1. Mix, knead and first rise: Mix flour, water, salt, sugar (or malt or  honey) and yeast, knead them and let the dough rise for about an hour.  Mixing and kneading can be done in a bread machine, a food processor, a  heavy duty mixer, or by hand. this same procedure is used to make any yeast  bread.    2. Shape bagels: Form the dough into the traditional bagel shape by  rolling, poking a hole in a ball or using a bagel cutter.    3. Second rise: Allow a short rest and second rise period, about 20  minutes.    4. Boil or "kettle": Drop the bagels into boiling water for 1 to 3 minutes  and drain. You can bake immediately or refrigerate for 1 to 24 hours.    continued in part 2