White Chocolate Amaretto Cheesecake
Unsalted butter, cream cheese, Amaretto, White chocolate, Almond extract, double graham crackers, Garnish:, Dark brown sugar, Vanilla extract, Bittersweet, Almonds, Eggs, Cake, Granulated sugar, almond slices, 
Need: 10" spring form, double foil wrap outside to proof against leaks    Oven temp: 350 degrees F., middle rack    Crust- place graham crackers & almonds in food processer, & pulse  until finely chopped. Pour into springform, then by hand mix in brown  sugar & melted butter until it all sticks together. Mold mixture to  bottom & half way up the sides of the pan. Press firmly into the seam  around the bottom so theres no hidden spaces. Leave no holes. Bake  in pre-heated oven for 8-10 minutes. Allow to cool on rack. Place a  water bath into oven on middle rack now. When cool, grease the  exposed top half of the sides of the pan lightly.    Cake- At med speed in large mixing bowl (preferably stainless steel)  beat cream cheese until totally smooth. Continue mixing, & add eggs  one at a time, beating thoroughly between each. Mix in rest of cake  ingredients until well combined.  Poor into cooled crust. Baking-  Bake for 60-70 minutes in already hot water bath. Cooking time can  vary greatly due to many factors here, so you know its ready when it  passes the clean toothpick test*. The cake should be almost set.  Allow to cook for an hour in an open oven with the heat off. Remove  from oven very carefully, place on wire rack, cover pan with two  layers of paper towels, & then a plate. Allow to cool 3-4 hours, then  cover with plastic wrap & refrigerate for at least 24 hours. *Test  about 1 1/2" from edge of cake. Depanning & garnishing- When fully  cool, gently release the pans hasp. Warming the sides of the pan  *slightly* with a hair dryer can help depanning. The idea is to  soften the thin layer of butter between the pan & the cake without  softening the cake or the crust. Toss almond slices with a bit of  confectioners sugar, & sprinkle over cake. Garnish center of cake  with a few curls of dark or bittersweet chocolate. Cut cake with a  hot knife.    Tips for cheesecakes in general: If you can, allow to cool in the open  oven. The slower it cools, the better. Use an oven thermometer if you  have it.    Crust:    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip