Whiskey-Soaked Raisin Bread Pudding
Half and half, Honey, Whole Milk, Unsalted butter; softened, Sour Mash Whiskey, Raisins, Sour mash whiskey, Sugar, Raisins, BUTTERY BUN DOUGH, Active dry yeast, Eggs, CUSTARD, JACKS HONEYRAISIN SAUCE, Unsalted butter; melted, Toasted walnuts; chopped, Raisins, Warm water, Flour, Salt, Eggs, Ground cinnamon, Sugar, Pure vanilla extract, 
To prepare raisins, combine raisins and whiskey in plastic container with  tight-fitting lid.  Allow to stand at room temperature 6 hours or  overnight.     To prepare buttery bun dough, dissolve sugar in warm water in bowl of  electric mixer. Add yeast and stir gently to dissolve. Allow mixture to  stand 3 minutes.     Attach mixing bowl to mixer fitted with paddle. Add 4 eggs on top of  mixture, then add 4 cups flour and salt. Mix on low speed 1 minute. Remove  paddle and replace with dough hook. Mix on medium-low until smooth ball of  dough forms, about 3 minutes.     On medium speed, mix in butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, being certain each  tablespoon is incorporated before adding next. If dough creeps up dough  hook, stop mixer and pull dough off hook and place back into bowl. Remove  bowl and dough hook. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour.     Remove bowl from refrigerator and replace plastic wrap with clean cotton  towel. Place dough in warm place to rise until doubled in volume, about 1  hour. Punch down dough and transfer to pie plate. Tightly cover with  plastic wrap and freeze 15 minutes.     Lightly coat a 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan with 1 teaspoon melted butter.  Set aside.     Remove dough from freezer.  Using hands, flatten dough to an 8-by-10-inch  rectangle on lightly floured surface, using remaining flour as necessary.  Starting from one end, roll dough into tight spiral to form 8-inch-long  loaf. Place in buttered pan. Whisk remaining egg with milk and lightly  brush top with egg wash.     Bake at 325 degrees on center rack 40 minutes. Remove from oven. Allow to  cool 15 minutes before removing from pan. Cool to room temperature. Using  serrated knife, cut loaf into 1-inch-thick slices. Cut slices into 1-inch  cubes (leave crusts on). Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate.  Lightly  coat a 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan with remaining melted butter. Line bottom  and long sides of pan with 8-by-12-inch parchment paper. Set aside.     To prepare custard, lightly whisk sugar and eggs in 5-quart bowl. Whisk in  half and half.  vanilla and cinnamon. Stir in whiskey-soaked raisins. Add  bread cubes and walnuts. Use hands to gently. but thoroughly, toss  ingredients. Transfer mixture to loaf pan, handful at a time, gently  pressing bread into corners of pan. Pour any remaining custard on top. Bake  on center rack at 325 degrees 1-1/2 hours or until internal temperature of  pudding reaches 140 degrees. Remove from oven and keep in pan 1 hour before  slicing and serving.     Meanwhile, prepare sauce by heating raisins and whiskey, in 1-1/2 quart  saucepan over medium heat.  Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 20  minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in honey. Keep sauce warm in double boiler  until ready to serve or cool in ice water bath to 40 degrees and  refrigerate until needed.     To serve, remove pudding from pan. Using serrated slicer, cut into ten  3/4-inch-thick slices. Top each with 2 tablespoons sauce. Makes 10  servings.     Note: To toast walnuts, place on baking sheet and toast at 325 degrees 12  to 14 minutes.    WASHINGTON TIMES FOOD SECTION    JANUARY 17, 1996    Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.