Whipped Cream Cake with Lemon Curd and Berries
Plus 1 tablespoon sugar, Unsalted butter, diced, Sugar, Egg yolks, Chilled whipping cream, Blueberries, 10 ounce package frozen, Lemon Peel, Strawberries, thawed, Plus 1 tablespoon unbleached, Flour, Sugar, Unflavored gelatin, Plus 1 tablespoon potato, And fanned, Starch, Lemon Peel, Whipped Cream Frosting, Strawberries, hulled, sliced, Baking Powder, Sliced sweetened, Eggs, room temperature, Cake:, Fresh Lemon Juice, Water, 
For Lemon Curd Filling: Sprinkle gelatin over 2 teaspoons water in  small bowl. Let stand 10 minutes to soften. Blend sugar and lemon  peel in processor 2 minutes. Transfer lemon peel mixture to heavy  medium saucepan. Whisk in lemon juice and yolks. Add butter and cook  over medium heat until mixture thickens and leaves path on back of  spoon when finger is drawn across, stirring constantly, about 7  minutes, do not boil. Remove from heat. Add gelatin mixture and stir  until dissolved. Cover and refrigerate until well chilled. (Can be  prepared 3 days ahead, keep refrigerated.)    For Cake: Position rack in lowest third of oven and preheat to 350?.  Butter and flour 9 inch diameter springform pan with 2-3/4 inch high  sides. Sift flour, potato starch and baking powder into medium bowl.  Using electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar in large bowl until mixture  is very thick and slowly dissolving ribbon forms when beaters are  lifted, about 7 minutes. Mix in lemon peel. Sift dry ingredients over  egg mixture in 3 additions, folding in after each addition. Pour into  prepared pan. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean,  about 30 minutes. Cool cake in pan on rack 20 minutes. Run small  sharp knife around pan sides to loosen cake if necessary. Release pan  sides. Cool cake completely. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap tightly  and let stand at room temperature.)    For Frosting: Beat cream and sugar in large bowl to stiff peaks. Run  long thin knife between cake and pan bottom to loosen cake. Cut cake  horizontally into 3 even layers. Place bottom cake layer on plate.  Spoon 1/3 cup thawed sweetened berries with juices over cake.  Carefully spread generous 1/3 cup lemon curd over. Top with single  layer of sliced fresh strawberries. Spread 1 cup whipped cream  frosting over. Top with second cake layer and repeat layering  process, using 1/3 cup thawed sweetened berries, generous 1/3 cup  lemon curd, single layer of sliced fresh berries and 1 cup whipped  cream frosting. Top with third cake layer. Spoon 3 tablespoons thawed  berry juices over. Spread 1/3 cup curd over top of cake (reserve any  remaining curd for another use).    Spread 2-1/2 cups whipped cream over top and sides of cake. Spoon  remaining whipped cream into pastry bag fitted with medium star tip.  Pipe cream in vertical columns around sides of cake from top edge to  bottom. Pipe rosettes of cream around top edge of cake. Arrange 8  fanned strawberries around edge of cake. Fill center with  blueberries. Refrigerate at least 3 and up to 6 hours before serving.    LEMON CURD FILLING:    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip