Whisky Truffles
double cream, whisky, plain chocolate, 
From: hz225wu@unidui.uni-duisburg.de (Micaela Pantke) (collection)    Date: Tue, 27 Jul 93 13:15:48 +0200    From: zlsiimw@info.manchester-computing-centre.ac.uk (Mark Whidby)  I dont know much about ingredient quantities but I should point out that  the ingredients are in British measures.    Bring cream to the boil.  Remove from heat and add half the chocolate  (broken up).  Stir gently until chocolate melted and thouroughly mixed. Add  the whisky and stir until well mixed in.    Transfer mixture to a metal bowl (I dont bother with this and just keep it  all in the original saucepan) and place in a bowl of iced water.  Beat with  a wooden spoon until cool and thick.    Transfer mixture into piping bag and pipe into 2.5 cm rounds on sheet of  greasproof paper.  Place in fridge to firm up.    Remove from fridge and roll into balls (original recipe suggests dusting  hands with icing sugar to prevent sticking but it doesnt seem to work).  This is incredibly messy. Make sure you have a bowlful of hot water to  plunge your hands into afterwards or else youll end up with chocolate  covered taps.    Keep balls on greaseproof paper and chill in fridge again until firm.  I  actually put mine in freezer section for about 1/2 hour.    Melt the remaining chocolate.  Try to do this with as little heat as  possible or else the balls will rapidly disintegrate with the heat.  Using  small forks dip each ball into melted chocolate and cover thouroughly.  Do  each ball as fast as possible.  The original recipe suggested rolling each  ball in cocoa while the chocolate is still molten but I reckon this will  cause ball breakdown due to the extra handling involved.    Eating and storage: It is suggested that they improve if you keep them for  a few days before eating. It is extremely difficult to verify this. In any  case, keep in an airtight container in the fridge with a padlock on.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /CANDY    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.