Adobo Sauce
Oregano, Cider vinegar, dried chipotles, tomatoes, Onions, garlic, Salt, Cumin, 
Heres a recipe for adobo sauce that I use when my smoked & dried Jalapenos  are crying for attention.  Ive adapted it from Mark Millers recipe in The  Great Chile Book.  With the mass quantities of green tomatoes ripening in  boxes in the basement, Ive substituted them for ketchup.  Seems like a  good change.    The chipotles are sort of my adaptation.  If anybody has any other ways of  making them, Im all ears.  I take the fresh Jalapeno chiles - generally  the ones that have ripened to red and smoke them in my old charcoal grill  with some Mesquite wood chips that have been soaked in water for a couple  of days. I put them in a makeshift wire basket that I put on top of about 4  or 5 charcoal briquettes (dont want things to get too hot). On the grate  above, I load up with chiles, with the exception of the area right over the  fire.  I let these smoke as long as my patience holds out (maybe 4-5  hours), occasionally turning the chiles and tossing a little water on the  glowing wood (want it to keep the works smoking). When the chiles seem soft  & kind of cooked, I put them in a dehydrator to finish the job. Theyre  then stashed in a big jar, etc. until Im ready to use them.    The sauce isnt too complicated to put together.....    Peel and cut the onions into half inch slices.  Peel and slice the garlic.  Toast the oregano and cumin, but the cumin needs your almost undivided  attention. It will burn in a heartbeat.  I usually wait until it just  starts to smoke. I think Ive burnt more cumin than Ive toasted! All this  stuff goes into a 3 quart saucepan (or larger). Cut the tomatoes into  quarters and grate them on a regular cheese grater down to the skin.  Discard the skins. Do enough tomatoes to make 6 cups - a little more is OK,  Im sure.  The mash should be fairly watery - add some water now if you  think it needs it (some store tomatoes are sort of dry and pulpy). Put the  vinegar, the salt and the tomatoes into the saucepan. Slowly simmer this  mixture for about 3 hours, stirring occasionally. Somewhere in the middle  of this stewing process, put in the chipotles to rehydrate. By the end,  they should be nice and plump, with their smoky flavor well mixed with the  sauce.  The sauce should want to coat a wooden spoon.    After everything cools down a bit, fish out the chipotles, leaving in a few  to spice the sauce to taste.  Puree the mix well.  I find that the sauce  seems thicker when its pureed, so that now a metal spoon is coated when  dipped (that happens often, now!). At this point, you can decide whether to  strain out the seeds, etc. or not. I go back and forth about this, but  usually dont. Anyway, put whatever you decide on into a container with the  rest of the hydrated chiles. Whenever you want a chipotle, you know where  it is and the sauce keeps for a good long time in the fridge.    I use it whenever a good hot smoky flavor seems to fit - steak or chicken  sauce, as an ingredient in another salsa,...........  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #167    Date: Sat, 23 Nov 1996 14:54:09 -0500    From: sto_tolin@EMUVAX.EMICH.EDU