Calzone
Water; divided, Active dry yeast, Granulated Sugar; divided, Bread flour, Salt, Powdered Dry Milk, Italian Sausage; browned, Pizza Sauce, Mozzarella Cheese; grated, Butter or Margarine, 
Makes One - 1 lb. Calzone    The Cook and Kitchen Staff are offering you some of our best recipes from  "Our Daily Bread" collection. Todays recipe is an easy-to-prepare  bread-based dinner.    If youve never prepared Calzone, get your thinking cap on and experiment a  bit with the fillings. Todays recipe may be prepared as directed, or  halved to prepare two different selections for you fillings. Around here,  the cook and Kitchen Staff fill them with nearly anything, and theyre all  equally delicious!    To prepare in a bread machine, place water, salt, bread flour, dry milk,  sugar, and yeast in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by  the manufacturer. Select Dough cycle. After cycle ends, roll out dough on a  lightly floured surface.    For traditional preparation, place about 1/4 cup 110-F degree warm water in  a small bowl with the yeast and 1/2 tablespoon sugar to proof. In a large  mixing bowl, sift flour, salt, dry milk, and remaining sugar together. Add  remaining cup of water and yeast mixture to the dry ingredients and combine  to form a dough. Let rise in a lightly oiled bowl for about an hour, having  turned the dough once to coat it with the oil. Punch down the dough and  roll out on a lightly floured surface.    Meanwhile, brown sausage for 8 to 10 minutes in a large skillet over medium  heat. Drain excess fat and reserve.    Shape dough into a 16-inch by 10-inch rectangle. Transfer to a lightly  greased cookie sheet. Spoon pizza sauce onto the center of dough. Add  filling of sausage and cheese. Make diagonal cuts 1 1/2 inches apart down  each side, cutting to within a half-inch of the filling.    Criss-cross strips over filling, and seal with water. Brush top with melted  butter.    Bake in a pre-heated 350-F degree oven for 35 to 45 minutes, or until  golden brown. Remove from oven and cool for 5 minutes, then slice and  serve.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 7, 1998, 