Warm Salad with Goat Cheese Black Olives and Crisp Potato
olive oil, Mixed baby greens, White wine vinegar, Shallot; minced, Unpeeled white boiling, Minced fresh chives, salt and pepper, Minced fresh chervil, Flavorful black, Butter or more as needed, Minced fresh parsley, Fresh white goat or sheep, 
Warm salads are a bistro mainstay, sustaining enough to satisfy the soul,  yet light enough not to smother the appetite for the rest of the meal.  Salad ingredients can be tossed together in a pan with hot dressing over  heat until they wilt, or they can be set on plates and have a hot dressing  or hot ingredients poured over them.    The best warm salads are made with hearty greens; delicate little lettuces  would loose their moisture and freshness. Cabbage, frisee, and vegetables  such as beets or potatoes are all good; and a vinaigrette-tossed mixture of  baby greens is an excellent base for anything hot, such as grilled  artichoke hearts or that bistro classic, hot goat cheese.    In fact, warmed salads with any of the wide variety of goat cheeses and  blue cheeses are a bistro classic, adding blasts of big flavor in each tiny  nugget that melts delicately when the warm ingredients are added. Young  asparagus stalks and green beans, bits of sweet juicy cherry tomatoes, and  handfuls of herbs are often tossed into warm salads at the last minute for  fragrant freshness.    The contrast between fresh raw greens, tangy goat cheese, and crisply  browned potatoes is marvelous; in recent years Ive found variations and  variations on this theme in bistros around France.    A scattering of black olives adds a jaunty accent, and the goat cheese  melts seductively on the salad greens when the hot potato cakes are added.  Serve with a crisp Sancerre or a Sauvignon Blanc from the Loire.    Cook the potatoes in boiling water until they are halfway tender, about 15  minutes. The potatoes should be still slightly crunchy.    Rinse in cold water, then shred or grate using the large rasps of a grater  or in a food processor. Most of the peel should slip off in the process;  ignore any that doesnt and discard the peel that does. Season the potato  shreds with salt and pepper.    In a large, heavy cast-iron or nonstick skillet, melt the butter over  medium-high heat and spoon in mounds of the potato mixture, pressing them  down as they brown, until the bottoms of the pancakes are golden brown,  adding more butter if needed. Turn and cook the second side until the cakes  are crisp-edged and browned.    Meanwhile, combine the greens with the chervil, chives, parsley, and  shallot, then dress with the olive oil and vinegar.    Sprinkle the top of the salad with the goat cheese and olives.    When the potato pancakes are cooked through, place them on the dressed  salad leaves.    Serve right away.    Excerpt from THE VEGETARIAN BISTRO, copyright ? 1997 by Marlena Spieler.  Reprinted with permission of Chronicle Books.    Formatted for you by: Bill Webster  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #812 by Bill Webster <thelma@pipeline.com> on  Sep 27, 1997