Aguacates Rellenos
Chopped cilantro, Cloves garlic; mashed, Salt, Lime juice, Egg yolks, Each lime juice and white, Onion, Lime; halved, -(up to), Green olives stuffed with, Cloves garlic; mashed to a, Fresh ground black pepper, MAYONESA DE AJO, Fresh medium shrimp, olive oil, Tomato; chopped, Onion; thinly sliced, Dry white wine, Avocados, -(up to), Finely chopped cilantro for, Lettuce leaves, Fresh or canned Jalapeno, Sugar (optional), olive oil, 
Rinse the chicken pieces and pat completely dry with paper toweling.  Sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside. In a large,  flame-proof casserole dish or a large pot suitable for table service, heat  the oil and garlic clove over moderate heat until the garlic begins to turn  brown. Remove the garlic and discard. Add to the hot oil the chicken, pork,  and ham. Cook until browned evenly, about 10 minutes. Remove the chicken  and set aside. To the pork and ham, add the chopped onion, bell pepper, and  garlic. Saute until the onion is translucent and the pepper soft, about 5  minutes. Add the rice, stirring well to absorb liquids. Stir in the tomato  paste. Add the saffron water, the white wine, and the boiling water. Add  salt, about 2 tsp., and fresh ground black pepper, about 1 tsp. to taste.  Rinse the chicken pieces and pat completely dry with paper toweling.  Sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside. In a large,  flame-proof casserole dish or a large pot suitable for table service, heat  the oil and garlic clove over moderate heat until the garlic begins to turn  brown. Remove the garlic and discard. Add to the hot oil the chicken, pork,  and ham. Cook until browned evenly, about 10 minutes. Remove the chicken  and set aside. To the pork and ham, add the chopped onion, bell pepper, and  garlic. Saute until the onion is translucent and the pepper soft, about 5  minutes. Add the rice, stirring well to absorb liquids. Stir in the tomato  paste. Add the saffron water, the white wine, and the boiling water. Add  salt, about 2 tsp., and fresh ground black pepper, about 1 tsp. to taste.    CASA GRANDE    E. 200TH SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY    WINE: J. LOHR CHENIN BLANC, 1983    From the <Micro Cookbook Collection of Mexican Recipes>.  Downloaded from  G Internet, G Internet.