All Season Apple Pie
Sugar, Freshly grated nutmeg, Chilled butter cut into 1/4, Grated lemon zest, Salt, Ice water; up to 8, Flour, Egg white; lightly beaten, Allspice, Sugar for topping, Granny smith and 4 macintosh, Lemon juice, Chilled all-vegetable, Salt, FOR THE PIE CRUST, FOR THE FILLING, Granulated sugar, Cinnamon, 
Pulse flour, salt and sugar in food processor fitted with steel blade.  Scatter butter pieces over flour mixture, tossing to coat butter with a  little of the flour. Pulse machine 5 times in 1 second bursts. Add  shortening and continue pulsing until flour is pale yellow and resembles  coarse cornmeal, with butter bits no larger than small peas, 4 to 6 more 1  second pulses. Turn mixture into medium bowl. If you dont have a food  processor, grate frozen butter and shortening into flour mixture and mix  with your hands for 1 minute, rubbing flour and shortening between your  fingers. Flour should turn very pale yellow and become coarser in texture.    Sprinkle 6 tablespoons of ice water over mixture. With blade of rubber  spatula, use folding motion to mix. Press down on dough with broad side of  spatula until dough sticks together. Shape into ball with hands, divide the  dough into two balls one sightly larger than the other. Dust lightly with  flour, wrap separately in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.    Remove dough from refrigerator. The dough is ready to be rolled when it is  still cool to the touch but you can push your finger halfway down through  the center. If the dough has been chilled for more than 1 hour, it may have  to sit on the counter for 10 to 20 minutes to soften.    Heat oven to 425 degrees.    Roll larger dough disk on lightly floured surface into a 12-inch circle,  about 1/8-inch thick, the depth of a quarter. Transfer and fit dough into  9-inch Pyrex pan, leaving dough that overhangs the lip in place.  Refrigerate dough while preparing the fruit.    Peel apples, quarter, and remove core. Slice each quarter into thirds,  about 1/2-inch thick. Toss with lemon juice, lemon zest, salt, sugar,  spices.    Turn fruit mixture, including any juices, into pie shell. Roll out the  remaining ball of dough and place it over the top of the pie. Trim top and  bottom edges to 1/2-inch beyond pan lip. Tuck this rim of dough underneath  itself so that folded edge is flush with pan lip. Flute dough in your own  fashion, or press with fork tines to seal. Cut four slits at right angles  on dough top to allow steam to escape. Brush egg white on top of crust and  sprinkle 1 tablespoon of sugar evenly over the top.    Place pie on bottom rack. Bake until crust is lightly golden, 25 minutes.  Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees and continue to bake until juices  bubble and crust is deep golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. The bottom crust  should be golden and the juices from pie bubbling.    Transfer pie to wire rack: let cool to almost room temperature about 4  hours. Pie is best eaten after it has completely cooled, even the next day.    Variations:    Crystallized Ginger Apple Pie    Add 3 tablespoons of chopped ginger to apple mixture.    Dried Raisin, Cherry or Cranberry Apple Pie    Macerate 1 cup dried fruit (chopped coarse if large) in the lemon juice and  1 tablespoon liqueur Apple Jack, brandy or cognac. Toss with apple mixture.    Fresh Cranberry Pie    Add 1 cup fresh or frozen cranberries to apples, and increase sugar to 1  cup from 3/4 cup.    NOTES : Recipe courtesy Christopher Kimball, Cooks Magazine    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL9042    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "Angele and Jon Freeman"  <jfreeman@comteck.com> on Feb 7, 1998