Wendys Classic Greek Fresh Stuffed Pita
PITA, Pita breads, Dry; unflavored gelatin, Tomato; seeded and diced, Carrot; shredded, Grated Romano cheese, Parsley, Red onion; diced, Romaine lettuce; chopped, Salt, Red cabbage; shredded, Finely minced red bell, Worcestershire Sauce, Basil, Thyme, White vinegar, olive oil, Garlic powder, DRESSING, Water, Coarse ground black pepper, Grated Parmesan cheese, Egg substitute, Oregano, (4-ounce package) crumbled, Cucumber; thinly sliced and, 
Heres a clone for another of Wendys four Fresh Stuffed Pitas. This  Classic Greek Pita uses the same salad base and dressing as last weeks  clone for the Chicken Caesar Pita, but replaces the chicken and parmesan  with a Greek topping thats very easy to make. Even though Wendys uses a  special custom pita that cant be bought in the stores, you can use the  type that most people tend to slice open and fill. You wont be filling any  pockets in this recipe (other than those in your pants with the money you  save). Instead, you just heat up the pita, and fill it like a soft taco.    1. Make the dressing by first dissolving the gelatin in the water. Heat the  mixture in the microwave on high for two minutes or until it begins to  rapidly boil. Add the vinegar, then whisk while adding the oil. Add bell  pepper, salt, garlic powder, worcestershire, black pepper, parsley,  oregano, thyme and basil. Let dressing cool for about 15 minutes before  adding cheeses and egg substitute. Whisk until slightly thicker, then  chill. Overnight refrigeration makes the dressing thicker.    2. Make the Greek topping for the sandwiches by combining the crumbled feta  cheese, tomato, cucumber, and red onion in a small bowl.    3. Prepare the salad by combining the romaine lettuce, red cabbage and  shredded carrot in a large bowl and toss.    4. Prepare the sandwiches by first microwaving each pita for 20 seconds.    5. Fold each pita in half like a taco, then add 1 to 1 1/2 cups of the  romaine salad into the bread.    6. Add 1/2 to 1/3 cup of the greek topping to each sandwich.    7. Pour about a tablespoon of dressing over each sandwich and serve. Serves  4. (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com)    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Petrouchk <Petrouchk@AOL.COM> on Mar 1, 1998