Catalan Shredded Salt Cod Salad
Salt cod -- boneless, dried, Red or green bell pepper --, Prepared, Red onion -- thinly sliced, Tomato -- thinly sliced, Fruity Spanish olive oil, Red wine vinegar, Garlic cloves -- finely, Chopped, Black Pepper, Oil cured black olives, Hardboiled eggs --, Quartered, Bunch oregano leaves- finely, 
To prepare the salt cod, rinse it well and then immerse it in a container  of cold water (cut into chunks, if necessary, to fit). Refrigerate,  changing the soaking water 5 or 6 times, until softened and mild (24 to 48  hours, depending on how stiff and salty it was to begin with).    Drain the cod, place it in a large saucepan with the onion and the bay  leaves, and cover with cold water. Bring just to a boil, reduce the heat to  very low, and cover (taste the water at this stage and, if it seems  excessively salty, then drain, cover again with fresh cold water, and bring  to a boil). Simmer very gently until the fish is opaque and plumped, and  falls apart into heavy flakes when prodded, about 20 minutes. Drain, pat  dry, and remove the bones and skin, if necessary. Separate into large  flakes and use right away, or refrigerate for up to 2 days before  continuing with the recipe.    Drain and press the cod with your fingers to extract as much water as  possible. Shred the cod by hand into thin strips and transfer it to a large  bowl.    Core, seed and wash the pepper.  Cut into thin rings. Separate rings of  onion. Select 1 large, firm, ripe tomato and slice it thinly.    Add the pepper rings, onion, and tomato to the bowl and toss together  gently. In another bowl, combine the oil, vinegar, garlic, pepper, and if  desired, a little salt (the salt cod is usually still quite salty; taste it  to determine if the vinaigrette needs any salt). Whisk the vinaigrette  together until thoroughly blended.    Using your hands, toss the salad with the vinaigrette until all the  ingredients are coated. Transfer the salad to a platter and garnish the  edges with olives and wedges of hardboiled egg. Scatter the oregano over  the dish.  Yields 6 servings    Recipe By     : Feniger and Milliken, Too Hot Tamales, TVFN    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "John Weber" <hdbrer@ibm.net> on Nov 29, 98