Aioli
Egg, lightly beaten, Juice of a lemon, olive oil, Potatoes, boiled, peeled and, Cloves of garlic, peeled, Pine nuts, 
Combine the garlic and nuts in a blender or food processor and puree. Add  the potatoes, and puree. Pour potato mixture into a bowl and, using a  whisk, beat in the lemon juice, a bit at a time. Gradually add the olive  oil in a thin stream while continuing to beat so oil combines with potato  mixture. When oil has been absorbed, add the egg and beat well. Giovanni de  Bourbon-Sicily, French Vogue Note: If you omit the raw egg, you still get a  nice sauce. According to an ancient proverb, "Garlic is as good as 10  mothers." If the latest flu bug has hit your house--and whose has  escaped--you may be ready to test claims for garlics medicinal powers.   Since 1983, the National Library of Medicine has gathered 125 scientific  papers on the therapeutic potential of garlic. Theyve found some  interesting material. Its clear that allicin, the smelly compound in  garlic, is an antibiotic--but only if taken raw. Heat destroys the elements  that have antibiotic properties. Raw or cooked, garlic can also work as a  decongestant and expectorant for common colds and bronchitis. Regularly  eating raw garlic seems to act as a deterrent for these ailments, according  to Dr Irwin Ziment. A Dr Abdullah, who eats a couple of raw garlic cloves a  day, claims he has not had a cold since 1973. Admittedly, eating raw garlic  wont help your social life but Kyolic, a deodorized garlic compound from  Japan, may allow you to have good health and good friends. Ive also heard  of fresh garlic imported from Japan that supposedly is deodorized. If any  of you have found it in local stores, let us know. It would be interesting  to hear if it lives up to the claims made for it.   Since having the flu is no fun, this may be a good time to take your  chances and share some pungent garlic dishes with friends and family--for  healths sake. Its easy to add minced fresh garlic to hummus or tabbouleh,  Mid-Eastern dishes you can buy in many delis and natural food stores. If  youre brave, you can try my grandmothers cold cure. Spread a slice of  black bread with butter, then layer thin slivers of raw garlic all over the  bread. Eat this and itll cure what ails you...or keep everyone so far away  that no germs will reach you! Aioli is a milder way to enjoy raw garlic.  This French condiment, a sort of mayonnaise, is a puree of garlic, boiled  potatoes, olive oil and egg. Serve it with chicken, grilled fish, dolloped  into soup and on vegetables.    