Afternoon Tea Cakes
Vanilla extract, Sour cream, Hot water, Unsalted butter, Glaze:, Baking soda, Water, Egg, Vanilla extract, Unsalted butter, melted, All-purpose flour, Ground cinnamon, Unsweetened Chocolate, Unsweetened cocoa powder, Shredded coconut, 
The light and moist cupcakes have a delicate  cinnamon-scented chocolate glaze thats spread over  them while they are still warm.    1. Position a rack in the center of the oven and  preheat to 375 degrees F. Line twelve 2 1/2-inch  muffin cups with paper liners.    2. Place cocoa in a small bowl and stir in 1/2 cup  very hot tap water to dissolve.    3. In a large bowl combine the melted butter and  sugar; beat with an electric mixer until blended. Add  the egg and beat until light, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the  cocoa mixture and beat until smooth. In a small bowl  stir together the sour cream and baking soda. Stir  this mixture into the butter-sugar mixture. Add the  flour and vanilla; beat quickly, just until evenly  blended. With a spoon stir in the coconut.    Spoon the batter into the muffin cups, dividing it  evenly among them; they will be about three-quarters  full. Bake about 20 minutes, until the tops spring  back when lightly touched and a toothpick inserted in  the center comes out clean. Remove the tea cakes from  the pan and cool slightly on a rack while you prepare  the glaze.    4. Spread about 2 teaspoons of the chocolate glaze on  each of the warm tea cakes and let cool thoroughly.    Chocolate Glaze:    Makes 1/2 cup    Drizzle this simple and tasty glaze over the afternoon  tea cakes or over any cake thats been frosted with  seven-minute caramel frosting.    1. In a small saucepan combine the butter with 2  tablespoons water. Place over low heat, add the  chocolate, and stir until the chocolate melts and the  mixture thickens slightly; remove from the heat.    2. In a small bowl combine the confectioners sugar  and cinnamon; stir in the chocolate mixture and the  vanilla to make a smooth glaze.    From: Jim Fobels Old-Fashioned Baking Book.    