Caramelized Banana Tartlet/coconut Ice Cream Pt 2
See part 1, 
custard into a large noncorrosive metal bowl. Set the bowl over a larger  bowl containing ice and ice water for 5 to 10 minutes, stirring frequently,  until the custard is cool. Remove the bowl containing the custard from the  bowl holding the ice water. Cover the surface of the custard with plastic  wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, until slightly thickened and  cold. Remove and discard the vanilla beans. Scrape the custard into an ice  cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions. Pack the  churned ice cream into a l/2-quart container. Cover and freeze for a few  hours or overnight.    Make the caramelized bananas:    Heat a large, heavy-bottomed skillet, preferably cast iron, over high heat  until very hot. Add the sugar and stir constantly until the sugar  caramelizes, about 10 minutes. Add the water, stirring, and let mixture  reduce to the consistency of a sauce. Add the lemon juice and stir to  combine. Slice each banana in half lengthwise and then crosswise into  thirds. Each banana will yield 6 slices. Place bananas into the skillet.  Reduce heat to low and cook, basting occasionally, until the bananas are  soft and tender, about 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove banana  slices from caramel mixture to a large, shallow bowl. Set aside. Assembly:  Divide chocolate custard mixture among the baked and cooled pastry shells.  Sprinkle about 2 tablespoons of toasted, shredded coconut on top of each.  Carefully place 2 caramelized banana slices on top. Caramelize the tops of  the custards:    To caramelize the custards (using a household propane torch): Place the  filled pastry shells on a sheet pan. Sprinkle the tops evenly with a  heaping teaspoon of granulated sugar. Using a household propane torch,  caramelize the top of each custard by heating the sugar with the flame  until it melts and then turns to a dark amber caramel. Refrigerate each  pastry for no longer than 30 minutes to set the caramel crust. To  caramelize the custards (using a broiler): Preheat the broiler. Place the  Filled pastry shells in a high-sided roasting pan. Using about 1 1/2  tablespoons per custard, sprinkle the tops of each with a loose, even layer  of brown sugar. Using a spray water bottle, lightly spray the sugar-topped  custards. (This will help melt the brown sugar that will otherwise burn. Be  sure to spray lightly or the sugar will not caramelize properly.) Place the  roasting pan with the custards underneath the broiler. Broil for 1 to 2  minutes, until the sugar melts and turns to a dark amber caramel. It may be  necessary to rearrange the pastry shells half way through the broiling for  even browning. Remove the pastry shells from the roasting pan and  refrigerate for no longer than 30 minutes to set the caramel crust. Place 2  small scoops of coconut ice cream on top of each custard-filled pastry  shell. Sprinkle with additional toasted, shredded coconut. Top with a mint  leaf.    Renaissance 304 East Hopkins Aspen, CO 81611 970-925-2402    >From http://www2.godiva.com    Recipe by: Renaissance Restaurant, Aspen CO    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by J Pellegrino <gigimfg@ix.netcom.com> on Aug  29, 1998, 