Warm Terrine of Sausage, Peppers, Polenta and Mozzarella
Terrine mold, Green bell pepper, cored,, Fresh mozzarella, cut into;, Polenta; (cornmeal), Sugar, Sweet sausage baked for 20, Cloves garlic,; peeled, olive oil, Red bell pepper, cored,, Salt, Parmigiano-Reggiano, 
Crumble the cooked sausage to resemble rough bread crumbs. Set aside.    In a medium saute pan, heat the olive oil. Gently saute the whole garlic  cloves until golden brown on all sides, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the  peppers and saute until soft, but not browned, about 7 to 8 minutes longer.  Remove from heat. Separate and let cool.    Bring the mozzarella to room temperature. Place the sausage, peppers,  garlic and mozzarella around a cutting board, all in separate bowls.    Bring 6 cups water to a boil, adding the salt and sugar. Slowly add the  cornmeal to the boiling water in a thin stream, whisking continuously.  Lower heat and cook until the polenta resembles the texture of hot cereal.  Remove the pot from heat.    Moving quickly, pour the polenta into the terrine mold about 3/4-inch from  the top. Sprinkle all the crumbled sausage over the polenta. Cover the  sausage with about 1-1/2 cups warm polenta. Using a spatula, flatten and  smooth the polenta to create a flat surface. Next, layer the peppers and  the garlic cloves. Repeat with another layer of 1-1/2 cups warm polenta  over the peppers. Remember to smooth and flatten the polenta layer to make  a nice flat surface all the way to the edges. Lay the mozzarella over the  polenta (but do not bring the mozzarella to the edges). Pour another layer  of warm polenta over the mozzarella to fill the terrine. Smooth the top  layer all the way to the edges. There may be left over polenta.    Chill the terrine overnight.    To serve, invert the terrine over a cutting board. It should come out quite  easily. Slice the terrine as you would slice bread, about 3/4-inch thick.  Place the slice flat on a baking sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Sprinkle  with grated cheese and serve immediately.    Yield: 6 as appetizer  Recipe By     :MOLTO MARIO SHOW #MB5685    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #270    Date: Tue, 29 Oct 1996 23:09:23 -0500    From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>