Caramel Custard
Nonstick cooking spray, Sugar, Soy milk, silken firm tofu, Eggs, Orange zest, Pure vanilla extract, 
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.    Heat a medium saucepan of water over medium heat.    Meanwhile, lightly coat six 1/2-cup custard cups or ramekins with the  cooking spray. Place the cups in a large shallow baking pan; set aside.    In a small, heavy-bottom skillet, place 1/2 cup of the sugar. Heat over  medium heat, stirring constantly until the sugar melts and caramelizes to a  golden color, about 10 minutes. Immediately and quickly, pour about 1  tablespoon of the sugar mixture into each custard cup. Be careful; the  sugar will be hot. Tilt the cups as you pour; the sugar will harden as it  cools. Set custard cups aside.    In a food processor fitted with the metal blade, process the soy milk and  tofu until smooth.    In a medium mixing bowl, lightly whisk the eggs. Whisk in the remaining 1/4  cup sugar, orange zest and vanilla extract. Then whisk in the soy-tofu  mixture.    Evenly divide the custard mixture among the custard cups. Pour the hot  water into the baking pan until it comes about halfway up the sides of the  custard cups.    Bake for 1 hour or until a knife inserted in the center of the custard  comes out clean. Carefully remove from the oven and remove the cups from  the water. Cool on a wire rack about 1 hour.    At serving time, gently loosen the edges of the custard with a knife. Place  a dessert plate upside down on top of a custard cup and invert the custard  onto the plate. Drizzle any remaining syrup over the custard. Repeat for  each serving.    Makes 6 servings.    Cooks note: If desired, substitute skim milk for the soy milk and use 3/4  cup cholesterol-free egg substitute for the eggs.    From "The Complete Soy Cookbook" by Paulette Mitchell (MacMillan USA,  $17.95) Tested by Susan Selasky for the Free Press Test Kitchen    [148 calories (18% from fat), 3 grams fat (trace of sat. fat), 27 grams  carbohydrate, 5 grams protein, 11 mg sodium, 0 mg cholesterol, 42 mg  calcium, 1 gram fiber.]    By SYLVIA RECTOR, Detroit <www.freepress.com> on Sep 09, 1998, converted by  MC_Buster.    Recipe by: THE COMPLETE SOY COOKBOOK by Paulette Mitchell    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Sep 12,  1998, 