Warm Caramel Souffle with Caramel Custard
Caramel extract, Egg whites stiffly beaten, Butter, milk, Cream of tartar, Sugar, Heavy cream; whipped., Egg yolks beaten, Salt, 
For the souffle: Heat 1 1/4 C sugar gently in a heavy skillet over low heat  until a light brown syrup forms. Pour half of the caramel into a 2 quart  souffle dish, rotating quickly to coat bottom and sides. Be careful, the  caramel is super hot. Cool. Rub 2 tbsp. butter over the caramel and set  aside. Beat egg whites until foamy; add sugar gradually, until stiff peaks  form. Return skillet to heat to liquify remaining caramel. Add this to egg  white mixture, beating constantly. Continue beating at medium speed for  five minutes (very important). Pour into prepared souffle dish. Bake one  hour in a pan of hot water at 300 degrees until firm, but light. Remove  from oven. This can be done early in the day.    For the custard: Cook 1/2 C sugar and milk in the top of a double boiler  until the sugar melts. Add remaining butter and slowly add this mixture to  the egg yolks while beating. Return to heat and cook until mixture is  thickened, stirring constantly. Cool. Add caramel extract and whipped  cream. Refrigerate until serving time. When ready to serve, bake the  souffle 15 minutes at 350 because souffle must be warm to come out of dish.  Invert souffle on a large serving dish and allow caramel to run down the  sides. Serve custard in a separate crystal bowl for spooning over  individual portions.    NOTES : this is the ultimate!  Ive made this three times, its never  failed to elicit squeals of delight..ooooos and ahhhs of wonder.  It does  take a little doing but nothing you cant handle.  The recipe calls for a  single souffle dish...not having one (can you believe?)  Ive always made  it in little individual souffle dishes..and it looks so great this way I  dont know that Id do the other.  Be sure to make enough sauce..more is  better.  Recipe by: Neiman Marcus Incircle Cookbook    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #964 by Dianne Weinsaft <dee@ncsi.net> on Dec  24, 1997