Albuquerque Chili
Bottle brown ale or dark, -(up to), Fresh Habaneros; stems, Fresh Anaheims; chopped, Cloves garlic (I like lots, Dried Japones; stems removed, Onion, Cubic inch fresh ginger, Carrots; chopped (optional), Dried Passillas; stems and, -(up to), STEP 2, Fresh tomatoes; peeled and, Fresh red bell peppers;, -(up to), Dried Anchos; stems and, STEP 1, 
SirWill1 <SirWill1@omni.voicenet.com>    STEP 1: Put all ingredients in a large pot with a tablespoon or two of oil.  Cook until browning just begins.    STEP 2: Pour beer into blender and start a high speed vortex going.  Keep  it covered as you drop in first the ginger and garlic and get them good and  liquefied, then add the peppers.  Add more beer (or some of the juices from  the vegetables youre cooking) if it gets too thick.  When its all nicely  liquefied, pour it into the pot.    Simmer an hour or so and give it a taste test.  You might want to add a can  of tomato paste, maybe a tsp of Kitchen Bouguet, or some herbs.  I usually  find myself tossing in a bit of allspice and cinnamon, maybe half  a tsp of  each, and sometimes some herbs (rosemary, sage, oregano, dill,  even a  little mint and/or fresh dill. Ive also sliced scallions crosswise into  little circles and added them late so they stay crisp and flavorful.    Meat is optional.  When I add meat I use about a half pound each of chopped  sirloin and chopped turkey cooked together in a separate pot until well  cooked, then I drain all the fat off in a colander and wash it  down with  hot water before adding it to the mix. Keeps the whole thing fairly low in  fat.    Another variation is to pour off and reserve the juices from the original  pot of veggies before adding the blended chiles and use it for a soup  starter.    Let it simmer at least another two to three hours.    Note -- no salt!  Be good to your cardiovascular system!  If theres  something missing, try a little cumin or coriander or a bit more allspice  and/or cinnamon!    I use this as a spaghetti sauce or a topping for nachos.  It lasts forever  (Ive kept it as long as three weeks) in the bottom of the fridge in  tight  tupperware containers and gets better with age.    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.