Wedding Cake Layers
Unsalted butter, Water, Sugar, Cake flour, Sugar, Eggs, SUGAR SYRUP, milk, Vanilla, Baking Powder, Vanilla, 
Note: This recipe will make a 14-inch, a 9-inch, and a 6-inch cake layer,  each less than 2 inches high. To serve 100 people, the recipe needs to be  made twice so that you will have two of each layer.    Preheat oven to 350 degrees.    Spray a 14-inch, 9-inch and 6-inch layer cake pans with vegetable cooking  spray. Let rest upside down for a few minutes and spray lightly again. Cut  a cardboard circle for each size. Cut a 1-inch square out of the center of  the 9-inch circle and the 6-inch circle.    Sift together the cake flour and baking powder. In a large bowl beat the  butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time. Continue until  all of the eggs are incorporated. Combine the milk with the vanilla and any  optional zests. On low speed, alternate adding one third of the flour  mixture and one third of the milk to the butter mixture, beating until they  are completely incorporated. Repeat with remaining mixtures, one third at a  time until all ingredients are well mixed.    Fill the cake pans less than 1/2 full. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until a  tester inserted into the center of each layer comes out clean. The largest  layer will take the longest to bake.    For the sugar syrup, cook sugar and water over high heat until mixture  boils and becomes clear, or in a microwave, cook sugar and water on high  heat for 3 minutes, or until clear. Add flavorings. When cakes are cool,  remove from the pans. Clean, dry and spray pans again and make another  batch of cakes. When all cakes are baked and completely cool brush each  layer with syrup. Between the two layers of each size spread jam or  buttercream. You will have 3 cakes, each with two layers. Place each cake  on the appropriate sized cardboard circle and insert three short dowels in  each of the larger two cakes to support the cakes on top. Frost with  buttercream, glaze with white chocolate, or drape with rolled fondant and  chill or freeze if not previously frozen. Place the 9-inch cake on the  center of the largest cake. The 6-inch cake tops that. Cut a dowel the  height of the cakes less 1/2-inch. Shove the dowel through the center of  the whole stack of cakes until it is beneath the top of the highest tier.  Decorate as desired.    Cakes can be well-wrapped and frozen when completely cooled, before  brushing them with sugar syrup. Thaw, brush with syrup, fill and frost  another day.    EDIBLE FLOWERS FOR DECORATING    Apple blossoms Tuber begonias Borage Calendula Carnations Chive Blossoms  Chrysanthemums Cymbidiums Citrus blossoms Cornflower Daylily Dianthus Elder  flower English daisies Fuchsia Gardenia Geraniums Hibiscus Hollyhock  Honeysuckle Hyssop Iceland poppy Lavender Lilac Lemon verbena Marigold  Nasturtiums Passion flowers Roses Petunias Safflower Sunflowers Tulips  Pansies Violets Yucca Zucchini Blossoms    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL8950    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #786 by "Angele and Jon Freeman"  <jfreeman@netusa1.net> on Sep 17, 1997