Wedding Cake Recipe
Baking Powder, Eggs; room temperature, (packed) grated orange peel, Salt, Cake Flour, Sugar, Unsweetened chocolate;, (4 sticks) unsalted butter;, Orange juice; room, Baking soda, Unsweetened cocoa powder, Vanilla extract, Miniature semisweet, 
PastryWiz Wedding Cake Theme Pages: On these pages you will find a mixture  of wedding cake history, basic and advanced cake decorating recipes, as  well as several wedding cake books that you may purchase directly over the  Internet. Visit http://www.pastrywiz.com/season/wedding.htm today and learn  how to pipe a basket weave cake.    Yields: several cakes    For Cake: Position 1 rack in center and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and  preheat to 350F. Butter one 5-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high  sides, one 8-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides and one  12-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides. Dust pans with flour;  line bottoms with parchment. Combine 1/3 cup orange juice and 2 ounces  unsweetened chocolate in heavy small saucepan. Stir mixture over medium-low  heat until chocolate melts. Remove from heat. Gradually mix in 1 2/3 cups  orange juice. Sift 3 cups flour, 2/3 cup cocoa, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1  teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon baking powder into medium bowl. using  electric mixer, beat 1 cup (2 sticks) butter and 3 cups sugar in large bowl  until blended (mixture will look grainy). Add 4 eggs, 1 at a time, beating  to blend after each. Beat in 1 tablespoon orange peel and 1 tablespoon  vanilla extract. Add dry ingredients alternately with orange juice mixture  in 3 additions each, beating well after each addition. Mix in 1 cup  chocolate chips. Transfer 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons batter to prepared  5-inch pan, 3 cups batter to prepared 8-inch pan and remaining batter  (about 6 cups) to 12-inch pan. Place 5-inch and 8-inch pans on center rack  of oven. Place 12-inch pan on lower rack of oven. Bake cakes until tester  inserted into center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Transfer cakes in  pans to racks and cool completely.    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #184 by PastryWiz Food Resource Center  <arnold@pastrywiz.com> on Aug 7, 1997