Warm Tuna Salad with Dried Tomatoes (Aha)
olive oil, Torn lettuce, Low sodium chicken broth, Clove garlic; crushed or, Dried thyme; crumbled, Fresh orange juice, Haricots verts OR fresh, Dried Tomatoes, Tuna or swordfish steaks, Vegetable oil spray, Fresh Lemon Juice, Anchovy paste, Baby red potatoes; cut into, Brown sugar, Boston or Bibb, 
Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Add potatoes,  haricots verts, and tomatoes. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 15 to 20  minutes, or until potatoes are just tender. Drain.    Meanwhile, rinse fish and pat dry with paper towels. Cut fish into 1/2-  inch cubes. Spray a medium skillet with vegetable oil spray and place over  medium-high heat. Cook fish for 2-4 minutes, or until tender, stirring  gently. In a large mixing bowl, combine warm potatoes, haricots verts, and  cooked fish. Coarsely chop tomatoes and add to potato mixture.    Wipe skillet clean and add the remaining ingredients except lettuce. Bring  to a boil over high heat, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Pour over  tuna mixture and toss gently to coat. To serve warm, spoon tuna mixture  over lettuce; to serve chilled, cover and refrigerate the tuna mixture  separately from the lettuce. Before serving, toss tuna mixture and spoon  over lettuce.    Cooks tip on green beans: When choosing green beans, avoid those that are  bulging or leathery or that have brown spots.    Servings: 6 (1-1/2 cups per serving)    (PER SERVING - Calories: 184, Protein: 17g; Carbohydrates: 18g;  Cholesterol: 45mg; Sodium: 129mg; Total Fat: 5g (Saturated: 1g;  Polyunsaturated: 1g; Monounsaturated: 2g))    [ SOURCE 1998-Ap http://www.melissas.com/ ] >>Hanneman/Buster    Notes: This warm, low-fat version of the classic dish from the region of  Provence features robust dried tomatoes that soften while the potatoes and  green beans cook.    Recipe by: AROUND THE WORLD COOKBOOK, Amer Heart Assn    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Apr 17,  1998