Canadian Pea Soup -- Whole Yellow Pea Soup
Pepper, Parsley and fresh herbs;, PEAS, Whole dried yellow peas;, Cold water, Ham-flavored bouillon, Canola oil, White onion, carrots, turnips, Salt, 
CANADIAN PEA SOUP is mild. It relies mostly on the salt pork for flavor.  Since we omitted the meat and substituted ham base (Better than Bouillon),  we compensated by doubling the vegetables and pan roasting them for more  flavor. For herbs, we used parsley, basil and sage. Marjoram and thyme  would be good.    1. Lightly carmelize the vegetables as follows. Heat a large sauce pan  (3-qt). Add the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Immediately  add the onion and sear, tossing or stirring for a minute or so. Add the  carrot and turnip dice and saute for about 3 minutes. Add salt and pepper  and cook a another minute or two, until the vegetables are softer and  aromatic.    2. Add the washed and drained peas to the pan. Pour in half the water and  add the ham base. Bring to a boil. After bringing the peas to a steady  boil, skim. Turn off the heat, cover, and let sit for 1 hour. (See the note  on soaking.)    3. Transfer to the crockery of a slow cooker. Add the rest of the water.  (Add more water as needed.) Cook on low for 8 hours. Add herbs during last  hour. Adjust salt, pepper and ham flavor. Serve unstrained. Good with fresh  and warm fresh bread for tearing and dipping.    [Per serving: 413 cals, 2.5g fat] -(kitpath@earthlink.net)    SOAKING: This recipe uses a Quick-Soaking method. Alternatively, soak 12  hours in water. Rinse well. Add presoaked peas to the soup; after bringing  the peas to a steady boil, skim. Turn off the heat and let sit for 5  minutes. Transfer to the crockpot.    ORIGINAL INSTRUCTIONS: Add 1/2 teaspoon baking soda to the soaking water  when soaking overnight. Rinse well. Use 1/2-pound salt pork. Cook on the  stove top, uncovered: 3 quarts water per 1-pound peas, 1/2-pound salt pork,      1/4    cup carrot, 1/4 cup turnip.    Recipe by: NEW YORK TIMES COOKBOOK (1961) Craig Claiborne / Modified    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Oct 06,  1998, 