Warm Quail Salad W Honey Mustard Vinaigrette
Salt to taste, Head chicory; yellow leaves, Chopped carrot, Peeled carrot; julienned, Bundles mache lettuce;, Virgin olive oil, Sherry vinegar, Bay leaf, Bag or bundle enoki, Honey Mustard Vinaigrette;, Safflower oil; divided, Head Bibb lettuce; leaves, Head radicchio; leaves, Quail; (6-7 oz each), The Mansion on Turtle Creek, Sprigs fresh thyme, Cracked black pepper, Salt, Onions, Veal demiglace, Peanut oil, Celery, 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Remove wings and wishbone from quail. Season  quail inside and out with salt and Pepper Mixture to taste.    In a medium ovenproof saute pan over medium-high heat, sear quail on all  sides in 2 tablespoons safflower oil. Without removing from saute pan,  place quail in preheated 400 degree oven and cook for 8 minutes. Remove  from oven and set aside.    In a large saucepan, saute onion, celery, and carrot in remaining 2  tablespoons safflower oil for about 10 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove from heat and set aside.    Cut legs from quail. Using the sharp tip of a knife, remove breast meat  from carcass. Reserve legs and breast halves; keep warm.    Add quail carcasses to sauteed vegetables, along with bay leaf, thyme, and  pepper. Add demiglace to cover. Place saucepan over high heat and bring to  a boil. Skim foam from top and simmer for 30 minutes.    Strain off vegetables and carcasses and discard. Reserve 1 cup remaining  demiglace for use in accompanying honey mustard vinaigrette (see recipe).    Tear Bibb lettuce into bite-sized pieces. Remove the core from the head of  radicchio, stack and roll leaves into cigar shape, and cut into thin  slices. Cut carrot into thin julienne strips. In a large salad bowl,  combine Bibb lettuce, radicchio, carrot, mache lettuce, chicory, and  mushrooms.    In a small bowl, combine vinegar and olive and peanut oils. Add salt to  taste and pour over greens. Gently toss until well mixed.    Place equal portions of seasoned salad greens on four luncheon plates.  Slice quail breasts into julienne strips and place on top of greens,  allowing 2 halves per serving. Place quail legs in crisscross pattern at  top of plate. Spoon Honey Mustard Vinaigrette over the Quail Salad and  serve immediately.    This salad may also be used as a luncheon main course.    Note: If French green beans are available, they may be blanched, then  rinsed in cold water and used as a garnish around the outside edge of the  salad.    HOME ENTERTAINING WITH DEAN FEARING SHOW #HE1A16 ELEGANT GAME DINNER    Recipe by: Dean Fearing    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #823 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Oct 03, 1997