Alberto Morellos Ribollita
Bunch Italian parsley;, olive oil, Carrots; peeled and chopped, Optional garnish:, (14 1/2-ounce) diced, Red onions; chopped, Garlic, Stale rustic bread; such as, Salt; (sea salt preferred), Dried cannellini beans; see, Celery, Coarsely chopped savoy, 
Cooks note: You can save preparation time by using canned cannellini  beans. Use two (15 1/2-ounce) cans. Use one can of beans whole; puree the  beans in the other can. If you use canned beans, skip the first three steps  of the recipe.    1. Place dried beans in a large pot. Cover with cold water and allow to  rest overnight or for 8 hours. Drain.    2. Cover beans with cold water and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer,  covered, for 40 minutes or until beans are thoroughly cooked and softened,  but dont overcook them. Drain beans, keeping the cooking water for later  use.    3. Divide the beans in half. Leave half whole and process the other half  until pureed in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Set aside.    4. Heat oil in a large soup pot on medium heat. Add parsley, garlic,  celery, carrots and onions. Cook 30 minutes on low heat, stirring  occasionally.    5. Add tomatoes and stir to combine. Cook 15-25 minutes. Add the whole  beans and the cabbage (or Swiss chard) to the soup. Add enough water to  cover the ingredients and bring to a boil on high heat. Simmer 30 minutes.    6. Add bean puree to soup. Stir to combine. Add enough boiling water to  make the soup liquid. The exact amount of liquid will vary; you need to  balance the amounts of liquid to the bread so that when the bread absorbs  the liquid, the soup is very thick. Stir in bread and season with salt and  pepper to taste. Simmer 4 minutes, or longer if you wish the bread to  further dissolve into the soup. If you wish, stir in a little extra-virgin  olive oil, or use it as a garnish on top of the soup after it has been  ladled into individual bowls.    Yield: 10 servings    Nutritional information (per serving): 264 calories, 4.1 grams fat, 0.7  grams saturated fat, no cholesterol, 290 milligrams sodium, 14 percent  calories from fat    Source: Alberto Morello, Prego Ristorante, Irvine    Posted to recipelu-digest by ncanty@juno.com (Nadia I Canty) on Mar 27,  1998