Wendys Chicken Caesar Fresh Stuffed Pita
Oregano, Shredded; fresh parmesan, Basil, Egg substitute, Romaine lettuce; chopped, White vinegar, Salt, Pepper, Thyme, Grated Romano cheese, Water, olive oil, Carrot; shredded, Garlic powder, Grated Parmesan cheese, Red cabbage; shredded, Pita breads, Worcestershire Sauce, Coarse ground black pepper, Dry; unflavored gelatin, Finely minced red bell, PITA, Boneless; skinless chicken, Salt, Parsley, DRESSING, 
Top Secret Recipes version of Wendys Chicken Caesar Fresh Stuffed Pita    Early in 1997 Wendys introduced its selection of cold "Fresh Stuffed" pita  sandwiches -- a nice change of pace from the typical fast food fare.  Basically what youre getting is a small salad wrapped in a warm pita  bread. You might be saying to yourself "That doesnt sound like much for 3  bucks!" Then I would have to say, "Perhaps, but what if you could make a  clone yourself for a mere fraction of that?" You would probably say, "Cool,  man! Lay it on me." And then I would just say, "Already did."    1. Make the dressing by first dissolving the gelatin in the water. Heat the  mixture in the microwave on high for two minutes or until it begins to  rapidly boil. Add the vinegar, then whisk while adding the oil. Add bell  pepper, salt, garlic powder, worcestershire, black pepper, parsley,  oregano, thyme and basil. Let dressing cool for about       15    minutes before adding cheeses and egg substitute. Whisk until  slightly thicker, then chill. Overnight refrigeration makes the dressing  thicker.    2. Preheat a barbecue or indoor grill to medium heat. Salt and pepper the  chicken, then grill it for 5 minutes per side, or until done. Remove  chicken from the grill and dice it.    3. While chicken cooks, prepare the salad by combining the romaine lettuce,  red cabbage and shredded carrot in a large bowl and toss.    4. Prepare the sandwiches by first microwaving each pita for 20 seconds.    5. Fold each pita in half like a taco, then add 1 to 1 1/2 cups of the  romaine salad into the bread.    6. Add about 1/3 cup of diced chicken on top of the salad in the pita.    7. Pour about a tablespoon of dressing over each sandwich.    8. Sprinkle about a teaspoon of shredded fresh parmesan on top of each one  and serve.    Serves 4. (http://www.topsecretrecipes.com)    Posted to recipelu-digest by Sandy <sandysno@pctech.net> on Mar 18, 1998