Candied Cucumber Pickles
Large; yellow Cucumbers, Pickling Lime, Water, Vinegar; divided, Bottle Red Food Coloring, Alum, Granulated sugar, Cinnamon Sticks, (10-oz) Red-Hot Candies, 
Makes 6 to 8 Pints    The Cook and Kitchen Staff are proud to continue to offer you a sampling of  recipes from the Young Family Reunion Recipe Collection, as unofficially  published in a small cookbook entitled "Forever Young."    Okay, so maybe you have to be a bit on the bold side to prepare todays  recipe. But youll be glad you did. This is one of those tricks of the  kitchen that produces magical results. Todays recipe transforms old,  yellow cucumbers into eye-appealing, crisp, red rings that taste like  candied cinnamon apples.    You will always find this delectable little pickle at one of the Cook and  Kitchen Staffs family gatherings because everyone enjoys the crisp bite  and the flavorful cinnamon-zing todays recipe will produce. Try it  sometime when youve got the time and it will be served at every one of  your family functions, too!    Peel, then de-seed the cucumbers. Using a small spoon, scoop out the seeds  and discard. If necessary, cut the cucumber in half so you can reach and  readily remove all the seeds. Slice the hollowed-out cucumbers into about  1/2-inch wide rings.    Soak the cucumber rings in the pickling lime and water for at least 24  hours. Make sure to use a non-porous, ceramic stock pot or a 1-gallon glass  jar for this process, as the liquid will pit non-coated aluminum stock  pots.    Discard the pickling lime and water mixture and soak the cucumber rings in  ice water for about 3 hours.    In a small bowl, mix 1 cup of the vinegar with food coloring and alum, and  add some water. Pour this mixture over the top of the cucumbers and add  more water to cover. Set on the range over medium-high heat and bring to a  simmer, then reduce heat and continue to simmer for about 2 hours. Pour off  the liquid when cool enough to handle easily, and discard.    Meanwhile, in a saucepan over medium-high heat, combine the remaining 2  cups vinegar, 2 cups water, sugar, cinnamon sticks, and red-hot candies.  Bring the mixture to a hard, rolling boil for about a minute, making sure  to stir constantly. Pour the mixture over the cooked cucumbers and let  stand for 24 hours.    Pour off the liquid, but reserve and reheat it in a saucepan over  medium-high heat. Bring the liquid to the boil again. Place cucumber rings  in 6 to 8 sterilized pint jars and pour the hot pickling liquid over the  top of the cucumbers. Make sure to use self-sealing lids that have also  been sterilized with the rings. Leave on the counter overnight to seal,  then store in a dry, dark pantry. Serve straight from the pint jar.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Aug 12, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.