Aegean Casserole From Lhj
Salt; divided, Tomato paste, Chopped fresh flat-leaf, Ziti pasta; cooked as, Salt, WHITE SAUCE, Ground red pepper, Tomatoes; canned, CASSEROLE, Cinnamon, Lean ground beef, milk, Onion, Garlic, Grated Parmesan cheese, Black Pepper, Eggplant; finely diced, Olive oil; plus 1 teaspoon, Butter or margarine, All-purpose flour, Dried mint flakes, Bay leaf, 
1. Make White Sauce: Bring milk to boil in medium saucepan over high heat.  Melt butter in large, heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and cook,  whisking, 1 minute. Gradually whisk in milk, bay leaf and salt; bring to  boil, whisking. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring, 10 minutes. Remove from  heat. Discard bay leaf and stir in Parmesan.    2. Toss eggplant with 1 teaspoon salt; drain in colander 30 minutes. Pat  dry. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add  eggplant and cook, stirring, until tender, 10 to 15 minutes.    3. Heat oven to 375F. Add remaining 1 teaspoon oil to skillet. Add onions  and cook until tender, 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, cinnamon and red pepper;  cook 15 seconds. Add meat, mint, remaining 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper;  cook, stirring, until meat is no longer pink. Add tomato paste and  tomatoes, breaking up tomatoes with spoon. Add eggplant and bring to  simmer; simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in parsley.    4. Transfer cooked ziti to large bowl and stir in 1 cup White Sauce. Spread  half the ziti in bottom of deep 5-quart casserole. Spoon on filling, then  remaining ziti and White Sauce. Bake uncovered 25 to 35 minutes, until  bubbly and browned.    Prep Time: 1 hour Baking Time: 25 to 35 minutes Degree of Difficulty:  Moderate (C) Copyright 1997, Meredith Corporation, All Rights Reserved.    NOTES : We combined the flavors of our favorite Greek specialties--moussaka  and pastitsio--to create a new classic.    Recipe by: Ladies Home Journal    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #942 by "abprice@wf.net" <abprice@wf.net> on  Dec 2, 1997