Caramelized Banana Tartlet/coconut Ice Cream Pt 1
CARAMELIZED BANANAS, Granulated sugar, Water, Unsweetened coconut milk, Heavy cream, Vanilla bean; split, Egg yolks, Granulated sugar, Fresh Lemon Juice, Bananas, Shredded coconut, Sugar; (see directions), Mint leaves for garnish, PASTRY SHELL, Frozen puff pastry; such as, Pepperidge Farm, CHOCOLATE CUSTARD, Heavy cream, Granulated sugar, Semisweet chocolate; finely, Egg yolks, COCONUT ICE CREAM, 
Assembly: Shredded coconut, toasted    Caramel topping (using a household propane torch): 6 heaping teaspoons  granulated sugar, divided    Caramel topping (using a broiler): 10 tablespoons light brown sugar,divided    Garnish: Mint leaves    Prepare the pastry shells:    Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400F. Lightly  butter six 4-inch fluted tart rings and reserve on a baking sheet. On a  lightly floured work surface, roll out puff pastry into a 10" x 14"  rectangle, about l/8" thick. Cut puff pastry into 6 squares. Line each  tartlet pan, pressing the dough into the pans. Trim away any excess dough.  Prick each with the tines of a fork at 1/4" intervals. Press a square of  buttered aluminum foil inside each pastry-lined pan and fill with dried  beans, rice, or pie weights. Bake about 10 minutes, until the puff pastry  has set but has not begun to color. Remove from oven and remove the  aluminum foil squares and weights. Return the baking sheet to the oven and  continue baking the tartlets 5 to 8 minutes, until golden brown and cooked  through, check- ing 2 or 3 times to make sure the bottom does not rise  excessively. If it does, press the puff pastry down with the bottom of a  fork. Remove the tartlets from the oven and let cool on a wire rack.    Make the chocolate custard:    Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325F. In a  noncorrosive medium saucepan set over medium heat, cook the cream and sugar  until scalding. Slowly add the chocolate, stirring until combined. Remove  the pan from the heat. Cover the saucepan and let stand for 10 minutes. In  a medium bowl, vigorously whisk egg yolks for 1 to 2 minutes, until  thickened. Reheat the cream/chocolate mixture until scalding. Remove the  pan from the heat. Slowly whisk the hot cream mixture into the beaten egg  yolks just until blended. Return the mixture to the saucepan over medium  heat, stirring constantly, and return to just simmering. Strain the mixture  through a fine-meshed sieve into a l-quart measuring cup with a pouring  spout. Skim the surface of any air bubbles. Place a 9" cake pan inside a  highsided roasting pan large enough to hold it easily. Pour the mixture  into the cake pan and slowly pour the water into the roast- ing pan to come  halfway up the side of the cake pan. Bake the custard for 35 to 45 minutes,  until the edges are set and the center still quivers. Test for doneness by  inserting the tip of a small, sharp knife into the center; it should come  out creamy. Do not overbake; the custard will set completely after  chilling. Remove the cake pan from the water bath and place on a wire rack  for 30 minutes to cool. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours, until thoroughly  chilled. Strain the custard mixture through a fine-meshed sieve into a  medium metal bowl to ensure a smooth texture. Cover the surface with  plastic wrap and return to the refrigerator to chill. Make the coconut ice  cream: In a heavy, noncorrosive saucepan, combine the coconut milk and  cream. Using a small, sharp knife, split the vanilla bean in half  lengthwise. With the tip of the knife, scrape the small black seeds from  inside the vanilla bean and add them to the saucepan containing the cream  mixture. Add the scraped vanilla pods to the saucepan as well. Cook the  mixture over medium-high heat, until it comes to a gentle boil. Remove the  pan from the heat. In a medium bowl, whisk the yolks with the sugar until  blended. Gradually whisk about 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the  beaten egg yolks until blended. Return this mixture to the saucepan.  Continue cooking over medium heat, stirring constantly with a flat-edged  wooden spoon, for 3 to 5 minutes, until the custard has thickened slightly.  It is done when you can run your finger down the back of the coated spoon  and the path remains in the custard. The custard will register 175F. on an  instant-read thermometer. Remove the pan from the heat. Pour the    continued in part 2