Ceia De Natal (Brazilian Christmas Turkey) Pt 1
Scallions, Fresh parsley, Butter, olive oil, Vinegar, Butter, Raisins, TURKEY AND MARINADE, Turkey with Giblets, Salt, Garlic, Bacon, GARNISH, Peaches in Light syrup  , Pitted prunes, Prepared mustard, Worcestershire Sauce, Peaches in Light Syrup  , Prunes, Farinha de Mandioca, Salt, Eggs, juice of 1 lime, Champagne, Water, Bay Leaves, Onions, Scallions, Fresh parsley, DRESSING, Turkey Giblets, Onion, 
The Cook & Kitchen Staff are taking you to four different corners of the  world this season to serve up a variety of regional holiday specialties.  Were finishing our first Christmas recipe collection with a taste of  Brazil, where the holidays are a very festive time of the year.    Todays recipe will be the featured main course in many Brazilian homes  over the holidays. Whether served before Christmas Eve Midnight Mass, or on  Christmas Day, todays recipe really marks only the beginning of the  holidays in Brazil.    After Christmas, Brazilians continue to celebrate the New Year, and then  the arrival of the Three Kings on January 6th. The Eve of the Epiphany  brings a Portuguese custom whereby children place their shoes outdoors  overnight, to be filled with sweets by the passing Magi. The finale to the  holidays typically means that street decorations and tree trimmings are  removed . . .    Shortly thereafter, the big celebration of summer commences with the  extravagant four-day, pre-Lenten celebration known to the world as  Carnival!    Rub the turkey inside and out with a paste made with the salt, pepper,  garlic, mustard, and Worcestershire sauce. Place the turkey in a  non-reactive pan and pour on olive oil, vinegar, lime juice, champagne, and  water. Add bay leaves, onions, scallions, and parsley. Cover loosely with a  large piece of plastic and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours,  occasionally dousing the turkey with the liquid.    Cook the giblets thoroughly in water with a dash of salt and pepper over  medium heat. Remove giblets from the liquid, chop into small pieces, and  reserve.    In a large skillet over medium heat, saute chopped onion in butter until  golden brown. Add chopped giblets and the raisins, and stir well. Add  chopped peaches and prunes and stir again. Add farinha de mandioca, enough  to form a wet farofa (blend of manioc meal). Add salt and pepper, chopped  eggs, scallions, and parsley. Remove from heat and reserve as stuffing for  turkey.    Remove turkey from marinade and rub it well inside and out with butter.  Fill the turkey with the dressing and close the opening with skewers.  Reserve marinade for basting. Place turkey in a roasting pan. Crisscross  bacon strips on top of turkey breast for flavor and decoration.    Pour some of the marinade over the turkey. Cover turkey loosely with  aluminum foil and roast the turkey in a 325-F degree oven until a meat  thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh attains 180-F  degrees.  continued in part 2