All-American Apple Turnovers
Ground cloves, Unsweetened apple butter, Sugar, Apples, Lemon zest, Cinnamon, Apple cider, Dried currants, Salt, Ground allspice, Fresh Lemon Juice, Unsalted butter, 
(Use favorite pastry) These turnovers are best with at least two varieties  of firm cooking apples, such as Granny Smith, Jonathan, Winesap & Golden  Delicious, for differences in texture and acidity. Sweet spices optional.   1. Melt butter in a lg nonreactive skillet over mod. high heat. Add 2 c of  diced apples & cook, stirring frequently, til they begin to color, ab.5  min. Stir in cider, sugar, lemon ju & salt; reduce heat to mod. & cook til  the liquid is reduced & the apples appear almost dry but still retain their  shape, about 5 min. longer. Remove skillet from heat & stir in apple  butter, currants, lemon zest,  cinnamon, cloves & allspice, along w  remaining 1 c  of raw chopped apple. Transfer apple mixture to a med. bowl  & refrigerate, uncovered, till cooled completely.   2. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pastry dough to an  18x20" rectangle, 1/16th inch thick. Using a 6" plate or bowl as a guide,  cut out eight, 6"rounds as close together as possible. Gather and reroll  the dough scraps, then cut out 2 additional rounds. 3. Spoon the cooled  apple filling on the lower    half of each of the rounds. Lightly moisten the edges of the rounds with  water and fold the dough over the filling to form semicircular turnovers.  Press down on the edges to seal, first with your fingers, then with the  tines of a fork. Using back of a small knife, press into sealed edges at  1/2-inch intervals to create a scalloped effect. Transfer turnovers to a  heavy baking sheet & refrigerate at least 15 min. 4. Preheat oven to 425  degrees. Brush turnovers w egg wash. Using a sharp knife, cut 2 small slits  in top of each turnover to vent steam. 5. Bake turnovers in mid. of oven  for 10 min. Move them to the upper rack & bake for 8-10 min.longer, or til  pastry is a deep golden brown and filling begins to bubble. Let cool on  rack. Makes 10.    