Almond Breakfast Round
Ground almonds, Eggs, Almond extract, Coarse sugar; optional, Brown Sugar, Brown sugar, Flour, Allspice or cardamom, Butter, Whole wheat flour, Ground nutmeg or cardamom, Cold butter, Milk; optional, Active dry yeast, milk, Sugar, Warm water (105 to 115), Salt, 
In a small mixing bowl soften yeast in warm water; set aside.  In a large  mixing bowl, stir together flour, whole wheat flour, 1/4 cup brown sugar,  salt, and the 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg (or cardomom).  Cut in the cold butter  until mixture resembles fine crumbs.  Stir in the softened yeast, eggs,  milk and almond extract until combined. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 2  hours or until dough is easy to handle.    For filling:  Stir together ground almonds, 3 tablespoons brown sugar,  sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon allspice (or cardomom); set aside.    Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface; divide into 3 portions.  Shape each into a ball. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes. Gently roll out  each piece of dough to a 10" circle. Place one circle on a 12" pizza pan or  a large baking sheet lined with greased foil. Brush with half of the melted  butter.  Sprinkle with half of the filling.  Cover with another circle of  dough.  Brush with remaining butter; sprinkle with remaining filling.  Top  with the last dough circle.    With kitchen shears or a sharp knife, cut the stack of dough into 12  wedges, cutting to within 1" of the center. Carefully lift each wedge and  turn over twice to create a twist in each piece. Cover with plastic wrap  and chill for 2 to 24 hours before baking.    Let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes before baking.  If desired,  brush with milk; sprinkle with coarse sugar.  Bake in a 350 oven for 30 to  35 minutes or until bread sounds hollow when tapped. Cool slightly on foil  on a rack. Serve warm. To serve, transfer bread to a serving platter; cut  into wedges.  Posted to FOODWINE Digest  4 October 96    Date:    Fri, 4 Oct 1996 18:13:43 -0400    From:    Laura Hunter <LHunter722@AOL.COM>