Almond and Rice Dessert
Ripe Strawberries, ALMOND MILK, Sugar, milk, Light cream, Pistachio Nuts; Chopped, Rice Flour, Blanched Almonds, Rose Water, DESSERT, Boiling water, Almonds; Chopped, 
1. Make almond milk: Place blanched almonds in a small bowl, and pour the  boiling water over them. Cover, and soak for at least 15 minutes. Put the  almonds with their soaking water in the container of an electric blender,  and finely puree. Strain the almond milk through a double layer of  cheesecloth into a small bowl, squeezing the cloth to extract as much  almond milk as possible. This will yield 2/3 cup.    3. Combine the milk, light cream, and sugar in a heavy bottomed saucepan,  and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. As the milk comes to a boil,  reduce the heat. Give the rice and almond milk comes to a boil, reduce the  heat. Give the rice and almond mixture a stir, because rice flour has a  tendency to separate from the liquid and settle at the bottom. Add it to  the milk and cream in the saucepan in a steady, slow stream, stirring  rapidly with a wire whisk to prevent lumping. Cook over low heat until the  mixture thickens and a thin custard is formed on the spoon. Continue  cooking the custard, uncovered, for an additional 5 minutes. The custard  should be quite thin. As it chills, it will thicken considerably. (If the  custard should accidentally stick and burn, turn off the heat, and  immediately pour it into another saucepan. DO NOT SCRAPE OUT THE BURNT  RESIDUE; it will release the burnt-custard smell and texture into the  pudding.    4. Cool the custard thoroughly. Check to make sure there are no lumps. If  there are, pass the custard through a fine sieve. (Do not blend it in the  electric blender or food processor, or it will become runny.) Stir in the  rose water, cover, and refrigerate to chill thoroughly. A skin will form on  the custard. No need for alarm. Simply stir it in with a wire whisk. To  serve, pour into individual dessert dishes, sprinkle with chopped almonds  and pistachios, and place a teaspoon of pomegranate or a strawberry in the  center.    Note: This dessert can be made ahead and refrigerated for up to 4 days. It  does not freeze well at all.    From Classic Indian Vegetarian and Grain Cooking and Classic Indian Cooking  by Julie Sahni  Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #499 by "Terry Van Kirk"  <tvankirk@pacbell.net> on Jan 10, 1998