Canned Cake Hints
ELLIE COLLIN CMKD93F, 
I have a few more recipes but no time to upload them right now, Ill do  that later on this evening. BTW, ANY cake can be baked in canning jars. I  usually try one jar first--you have to know how much volume each recipe  will give you. I usually fill ONE jar 1/2 full then bake it to see how high  it rises. You dont want the cake to come out of the top of the jar, only  to within 1/4 to 1/2 inch from the lip of the jar. Once youve established  how high the cake rises, you can go from there. The first time around is a  bit tricky because you wont know how many jars youll need. MOST of the  recipes Ive tried I end up using around 8. Sterilize as many jars as you  think youll need and go from there. Also, the baking times will vary--the  moistness of each cake recipe will determine the time. Again, MOST of the  recipes Ive tried bake in 35-40 minutes. Start checking the cakes at 30  minutes and go from there. YES, the cakes DO slide easily out of the jars  IF you use the jars I listed. Theyre Ball Quilted Crystal Canning Jars  (#14400-81400). They can be found at most grocery stores (at least here in  California) next to the pectin and other canning supplies. Also, Ive seen  the 12 oz straight-sided (plain) jars (# ?) at Smart & Final. The plain  jars work fine too but theyre not as pretty and you have to make your own  labels--the jars I use come with decorative labels. One IMPORTANT tip--get  your jars NOW! Once summers over with theyre very hard to find. Also,  when you can, ask for the jars back, theyre NOT cheap. Most folks dont  mind returning them though, they usually want refills! <G> Make sure your  LIDS are new, the rings dont have to be As the jars do seal, the cakes are  as moist as the day you put them into the jars--sometimes MORESO. There  will be a little condensation on the lids and some in the jars so when you  seal them its trapped inside. Dont worry about getting the water off of  the lids before placing them onto the jars, the added moisture doesnt hurt  the cakes in the slightest. Im trying to address every question thats  been asked of me before, I HOPE Ive done that. If Ive missed anything or  if anyone has any questions, dont hesitate to ask. These make WONDERFUL  Christmas gifts and you can start NOW! Single friends really appreciate  these because each jar makes enough for one or two people.    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Oct 11, 98