Ajiaco Criollo Cuban Creole Stew
name, Ears corn, FOR THE BROTH, Black Pepper, Tomatoes, white malanga, boniato, plantain, calabaza, Ground cumin, Tasajo (jerked beef), Vegetable oil, yucca, Green bell pepper, TO COMPLETE STEW, Bay leaf, Green plantains, plantains, FOR THE SOFRITO, Pork meat, yellow malanga, Fresh lime juice, Beef brisket, Onions, Garlic, 
Make the broth:    Cover the tasajo with cold water and soak it for at least 8 hours. (There  is no need to refrigerate it.) Change the water and continue soaking for  another hour. Drain again and rinse under cold running water. Put the  tasajo in a large, heavy pot and add about 6 quarts of water. Bring to a  boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered for 1 hour. Add the pork, beef  brisket, and bay leaf, and let the three meats cook together until tender.  Remove the pot from the heat and skim as much fat as possible from the  broth. (If you have time, the best way is to refrigerate the broth  overnight until the fat solidifies and then remove it.)    Make the Sofrito:    Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat and saute the onions and green  pepper until the onions are translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic  and cook 2 minutes more. Add the pepper, cumin, and tomatoes and cook for  another 2 minutes.    Add the sofrito to the broth and simmer, covered, while you prepare the  vegetables.    Complete the Dish:    Peel the malanga, boniato, name, yucca, and calabaza and cube them. Cut the  corn and green plantains into 1 1/2-inch pieces. With a knife slit the  skin of each piece of greenplantain by opening it away from the center as  if you were taking off a coat. Sprinkle the plantain pieces with the lime  juice. Slit the semi-ripe and ripe plantains lengthwise and slice them  crosswise into 1 1/2-inch rounds. Do not remove their skins or they will  disintegrate in the stew.    Add the green plantains to the simmering stew. After about 15 minutes, add  the semiripe plantains. After another 15 minutes, add the ripe plantains  and let them simmer for about 10 minutes.    Serve hot in soup plates or, cocido-style, with the meats, vegetables, and  broth in separate dishes. ( Each diner removes the skin from the semi-ripe  and ripe plantains themselves.)  Recipe By     : TVFN - Taste - Show # 4881    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #314    Date: Sun, 24 Nov 1996 15:53:26 -0500    From: Doc1946@aol.com