Wedding Fajitas
Jalepenos, seeded and, Fresh cilantro (is fresh, Fresh Cilantro, Lime juice, Flour tortillas, Green pepper strips, Salsa, Monterey Jack cheese, grated, Chicken breast halves,, Garlic, Onion rings, cut in half, Garlic salt, Fresh lime juice, Green onions, chopped, Soy sauce, PICO DE GALLO, Vegetable cooking spray, Tomatoes, peeled, 
Well, I have a bunch of recipes for fajitas, but they generally call for  marinating the meat (skirt steak) or chicken in an oil-based marinade. Here  is one I found that is more low-fat. Its from a cookbook called "New  Tastes of Texas - Tales and Tastes from the Lone Star State for the Way we  Cook Today," by Peg Hein.    "These fajitas were a rousing success when served at the wedding reception  of the LeDerers daughter in Paris, Texas."    Trim chicken and flatten to an even thickness. Sprinkle generously with  garlic salt. Combine the lime juice, soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce.  Dip the chicken into the marinaade mixture and place in a flat dish,  layering cilantro over each piece (Wash and drain the cilantro but do not  chop) Pour the remaining marinade over all, cover and refrigeratte for  several hours or overnight. Heat a grill or nonstick skillet; spray with  vegetable spray. Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard any  cilantro clinging to the meat. Place the chicken on the grill (or in the  skillet) and cook over high heat for 3 minutes on each side. Remove to a  platter, slice into strips and keep warm. Spray the grill (or skillet) ;  add the green pepper and onion. Cook or saute until translucent. To serve,  wrap the strips of chicken, green peppers and onions in warmed tortillas.  Serve with the cheese and salsa.    Serves 6-8. Appx 9 grams of fat per serving.    Sounds like a lot of fat grams, still. Using a low-fat cheese would help.  Any other thoughts?  The above recipe calls for serving with salsa. The more usual way is to  serve with Pico de Gallo ("beak of the cock"). Recipe (from the same book)  follows: Combine all ingredients. Chill for several hours before serving.  Will keep for several weeks.    If anybody tries these, let me know how they turn out.  Posted to Digest eat-lf.v096.n164    From: Lou Parris <lbparris@earthlink.net>    Date: Mon, 23 Sep 1996 22:13:59 -0500