Wedding Cookie
almond extract, Powdered sugar, Sugar, Margarine, Pure vanilla extract, almonds, -(up to), Amaretto, Flour, Butter, Baking Powder, 
From: Ruth Heiges <heiges@post.tau.ac.il>    Date: Thu, 15 Aug 1996 18:45:22 +0300 (IDT)  Reply-To: dferrell@brain.UCCS.edu (Diane M. Ferrell)    Cream the butter and margarine together until very light and fluffy.  Its  almost white.  Add the sugar and cream well.  Add the nuts and extracts and  mix well.  Add about 1/2 of the flour and mix well.  Remove dough to a very  large mixing bowl (at least 8 qt size).  Add the remaining flour one cup at  a time and mix in well with your hands until the dough comes clean from the  bowl.  You may not need the entire 9 cups.  The dough should be soft and  hold well together.    Pinch off a piece of dough and roll into a log about 2 1/2" long and the  width of a penny.  Flatten and shape into a gentle crescent.  Be careful  not to make the ends pointed as the cookie will break. Bake at 350 degress  for 10-12 minutes. The top should be dry and the bottom just turning  golden.    Meanwhile, open the powdered sugar and place 1 lb each in two very large  baking pans (you may need more pans).  Remove the cookies from the oven  when they are done and let them sit on the baking sheet for a few minutes.  Carefully lift them off the baking sheet and set in one pan with the  powdered sugar. Either gently roll them in the powdered sugar and sift some  sugar over them. When they have cooled for about 10 minutes, remove them  from the pan and set in the second pan. You will need to replenish the  powdered sugar in the first pan every so often.    To freeze, pack in layers in a plastic container with a tight lid. Sprinkle  a little powdered sugar between the layers and place a single sheet of  waxed paper in between the layers. These will keep for several months.    PS:  You can also form the cookie into a small ball about the size of jacks  ball    JEWISH-FOOD digest V96 #002    From the Jewish Food recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.