Kummelweck Rolls
Active dry yeast, Margarine, Water, Egg white, Butter, Kosher salt, or to taste, Caraway seeds, or to taste, Flour, divided, Sugar, Salt, 
Combine 1 1/3 C. flour, sugar, salt and yeast in a large bowl. Mix thoroughly.   Add margarine. Gradually add hot water, mixing as your go, then beat 2 minutes at medium speed, scraping bowl occasionally.   Add egg white and another cup of flour (enough to make a thick batter.)   Beat at high speed 2 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally.    Stir in enough additional flour to make a soft dough.   Turn out onto a lightly floured board. Knead until smooth and elastic, 8-10 minutes.   Place in greased bowl and turn to grease top.   Cover and let rise in warm place until double in bulk, about 45 minutes.   Punch down dough and turn onto floured board. Knead gently for a minute or two.   Divide dough into 16 pieces. Form pieces into balls.   Let them stand, covered, on the board for 15 minutes.   Swab a small amount of melted butter on top of each round.    Using a 1/2 in. dowel or the handle of a wooden spoon, press across middle of each round firmly, almost to the board.  Then make another crease at right angles to first crease, forming 4 equal segments. Dough, where pressed in center, will now be thin enough to almost see through.   Gently squeeze each creased roll back together with hands.   Place, buttered-surface down, on greased baking sheet.   Repeat with each roll.   Cover rolls and let rise in warm place until double in size, about 35 minutes.   Mix coarse salt with caraway seeds.   Rub through fingers to combine flavors.   Turn each risen roll face up.   With a pastry brush, lightly brush top of each roll with water, then sprinkle with caraway-salt mixture.   Place pan containing 1/2 inch water on bottom rack of oven.   Place rolls on rack above. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven 25 to 30 minutes.   Open oven door carefully; the steam is hot.   Cool rolls on racks, then store in as dry a place as you can find. Do not store in refrigerator.  