Cauliflower with White Sauce, Boiled Potatoes and Hashed Mea
Potatoes, Cauliflower, Nutmegpowder., Beef, Onions, Water, Water, Flour, Bay leaves, Salt, Pepper, 
Start with the beef. Cook it with the onions, rub it with pepper, and when  it is crispy on both sides, sprinkle salt over it. Add the water and the  bay-leaves. Cover the pan with the lid, turn the heat very low, and let it  simmer for at least 2 hours. Turn it now and then, sprinkle it, and add  some water when it cooks dry. There has to be a lot of gravey (Dutch!) in  it. We cook this on a stove (like everything), but I am sure it can be done  in an oven as well.  Peel the potatoes, and cut them in 4 parts. (remove the black spots + the  sprouts as well). Remove the green and the stalks from the cauliflower, and  make not too small "roses", as we call it. Dont chop it. Boil the potatoes  in water + some salt. It needs about 20 minutes, before ready. When floury  potatoes are used, dont add too much water, ? till they are half covered.  Mind that they dont burn. When the water boils, turn the heat down, let it  cook on low heat. Put the cauliflower in a pan and pour water, till  everything is covered. Add some salt. Let it boil on low heat for about 20  minutes.    Make the sauce this way: pour 3 tablespoons oil in a pan.(for example  sunflower oil.) add 3 tablespoons flour and stir. Put it on the stove and  cook it quickly. When this is well mixed and warm, add one cup water, stir  again. add some salt. This sauce has to be nice creamy. It must be possible  to pour it. Not too thin!! When the cauliflower is ready, pour off the  water, put it on a plate and pour the sauce over it. Sprinkle the nutmeg on  top of it.  Eat the poatoes, cauliflower and meat together, but not mashed or mixed.  Pour the gravey of the meat over the potatoes.    NO MATTER WHAT I TOLD YOU: THIS IS GREAT!!! I CONSIDER TO COOK IT TOMORROW  FOR DINNER. DELICIOUS!!    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Annice Grinberg  <VSANNICE@WEIZMANN.WEIZMANN.AC.IL> on Nov 04, 98, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.