Almond Orange Chiffon Cake
Ground almonds, Finely shredded orange peel;, Egg whites, Salt, Orange juice, Cream of tartar, Cake Flour, Orange Whipped Cream, Cooking oil, Almond extract, Baking Powder, Granulated sugar, Egg yolks, Sliced almonds; toasted, 
In a large mixing bowl stir together flour, sugar, ground almonds, baking  powder, and salt. Make a well in the center of dry mixture. Then add  cooking oil, egg yolks, orange juice, and almond extract. Beat with an  electric mixer on low to medium speed until combined. Then beat on high  speed for 5 minutes or until satin smooth. Fold in orange peel. Set batter  aside.    Thoroughly wash beaters. In a very large mixing bowl beat egg whites and  cream of tartar on medium speed until stiff peaks form (tips stand  straight). Then pour batter in a thin stream over beaten egg whites and  gently fold in.    Pour batter into an ungreased 10 inch tube pan, spreading evenly. Bake in a  325 oven 60-65 minutes or until top springs back when lightly touched.  Immediately invert cake in pan. Cool completely. Loosen sides of cake from  pan. Remove from pan.    Cut the cake into 3 layers. Place bottom layer on a serving plate. Spread  with about 1 cup Orange Whipped Cream Frosting. Top with second layer and 1  cup of the frosting. Add top layer. Frost top and sides of cake with  remianing frosting. Sprinkle top with toasted almonds. Cover and store in  the refrigerator and use within 2 days. Makes 16 servings.    Orange Whipped Cream Frosting: In a glass measuring cup combine 3  tablespoons cold water and 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin. Let stand 2  minutes. In a saucepan bring about 2 inches water to boiling. Place  measuring cup in saucepan of boiling water. Heat and stir 1 minute or until  gelatin is dissolved. Remove from saucepan; cool slightly. In a mixing bowl  beat 3 cups whipping cream, 1 1/2 cups sifted powdered sugar, and 3  tablespoons orange liquer if desired, with an electric mixer on medium  speed while gradually drizzling the gelatin over the cream mixture.  Continue beating untill stiff peaks form. Fold in 2 teaspoons finely  shredded orange peel.    Recipe by: Unknown Cookbook    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #838 by L979@aol.com on Oct 12, 1997