Walnut Honey Bread
Kosher salt, Basic bread sponge, Walnut oil, Honey, Cornmeal; for sprinkling, Active dry yeast, All-purpose flour;, Walnuts; coarsely chopped, All-purpose flour; for, Water; 105-115 degrees, Water; 105-115 degrees, 
Try using maple syrup instead of honey.    Can use olive oil instead of walnut.    Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.  Place the walnuts on a baking sheet,  roasting until fragrant and golden brown, about eight minutes.  Cool.    In a bowl, dissolve  the yeast in the water.  Allow to proof for three  minutes.    Stir the sponge, honey and oil into the water, breaking the sponge up using  your hands or a spoon.    Add 2 3/4 cups of the flour and salt and mix, scraping and folding until  the dough gathers into a single mass.  Knead, in the bowl, until the dough  becomes soft and only slightly sticky, using the additional flour gradually  as necessary.    Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead the nuts into  the dough until they are evenly distributed.    Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and  refrigerate overnight.    Halve the dough and shape each piece into a ball and place on a  flour-dusted kitchen towel.  Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise in a  draft-free location for two hours.    Sprinkle a baking sheet generously with cornmeal.  Gently press one of the  dough balls down on a lightly floured surface and then reshape into a ball.  Do the same with the other risen ball.  Place both balls, with the seams on  the bottom, on the baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise  until doubled, in a draft-free location.  This should take 2-3 hours.    Preheat the oven for at least thirty minutes along with a baking stone or  tiles on the middle rack to 425.   Place a baking pan with decent sides on  the bottom shelf.  Boil two cups of water.   Using a razor blade, make an  X in the top of each of the loaves.  Pour the boiling water into the  baking pan.   With a quick jerk, slide the loaves off the sheet and onto  the stone.    Bake for 30-35 minutes until the loaves are hollow sounding when tapped on  the bottom.  When done, cool on a rack.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #195    Date: 11 Aug 96 14:39:38 From: "steven.h.bergstein"  <steven.h.bergstein@ac.com>