Almond Cream Peach Tart
Confectioners sugar, Plus, Fresh peaches (about), milk, Lemon peel, Salt, Egg yolks, Vanilla extract, Whipping cream, Unsalted butter, Ground almonds, Egg, Cornstarch, Sugar, All-purpose flour, Plus, 
To prepare the pate royale, sift 2 cups flour onto a work surface & make a  well in the center. Place the salt, 1-1/2 tsp. sugar, 1/2 lb. butter, 2 egg  yolks, & cream in the well. Mix the liquid ingredients in the well with the  fingertips, gradually incorporating the flour. Knead with the heel of the  palm to obtain a smooth dough. Work the dough as little as possible. Chill  the dough at least 30 minutes before rolling out. Meanwhile, prepare the  almond cream by creaming 6 tablespoons butter & beating in the almonds &  confectioners sugar. When the cream mixture is well blended, whisk in the  egg. Beat in the rum & the cornstarch, whisking until the mixture is light  & smooth. Set aside. To make the pastry cream, scald the milk with the  lemon peel & vanilla extract. Whisk together the remaining 2 yolks, the  remaining      1/4    cup sugar, & the remaining 2 tablespoons flour. Pour the scalded  milk into the yolk mixture, whisking constantly, & return mixture to  saucepan. Boil vigorously for 3 minutes, stirring continuously to prevent  scorching. Remove from heat, add remaining butter, & leave to cool. Preheat  oven to 425 F. Remove chilled pate royale from the refrigerator & roll out  to 1/8 inch thickness. Line a 9-inch flan ring or French tart pan with the  pastry dough. Combine the almond cream with the cooled pastry cream & spoon  the mixture into the pie shell. Plunge the peaches into boiling water for  30 seconds; rinse under cold water. Remove the skins & slice each peach  into 8 wedges. Arrange the peach slices on top of the filling in a  decorative pattern. Bake in oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until the almond  filling is puffed & browned.    HARVEST RESTAURANT    BRATTLE ST., CAMBRIDGE  WINE:J.    PERRIER CHAMPAGNE CUVEE-ROYAL 73    From the <Micro Cookbook Collection of American recipes>, downloaded from  G Internet, G Internet.