Cheesy Potatoes with Ham
Cooked Ham; diced, Butter or margarine, Salt, Pepper, Potatoes; cooked and diced, All-purpose flour, Milk at room temperature, Cheddar or Monterey Jack, 
The Cook and Kitchen Staff are heading "Back to School" and offering you  some of our easiest-to-prepare recipes that will produce savory meals for  your student either away from, or at, home.    Todays recipe requires full access to a complete kitchen, although both  conventional oven and microwave oven preparation methods are provided.    Its a great little recipe that can be nearly prepared one day in advance.  Simply boil the potatoes and cube as directed, then refrigerate in an  airtight container. You may also elect to prepare the cheese sauce a day in  advance of finishing your potato and ham casserole.    Set a large pot with lightly salted water to boil over high heat setting.  Place peeled potatoes in the pot and bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium  high, and cover loosely. Boil potatoes for 20 minutes, then drain, let  stand to cool, and dice.    To prepare cheese sauce, melt butter or margarine in a large skillet over  medium heat, blend in flour a small portion at a time, and whisk constantly  to blend. Add salt and pepper. Add room-temperature milk slowly, whisking  constantly, and reduce heat to low setting. Continue to whisk until  thickened, then remove from heat and add shredded cheese. Stir until cheese  is melted.    To prepare your casserole in a conventional oven, pre-heat to 375-F  degrees. Layer potatoes and ham in a lightly buttered oven-proof baking  dish. Pour cheese sauce over top. Shake dish gently for cheese sauce to  settle. Bake for 40 minutes, until bubbly and golden brown near the edges  of the baking dish. Cool slightly before serving.    To prepare your casserole in a microwave oven, simply layer potatoes and  ham in an ungreased microwave-safe dish. Top with cheese sauce. Microwave  on high setting for 4 minutes. Then microwave at a 70-percent power setting  for 5 minutes. Allow to cool slightly, then serve warm.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Aug 21, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.