Almost Home Bread
Melted, Eggs -- room temp, Cinnamon, Butter or margarine --, Raisins, Salt, Dry yeast, Butter or margarine, milk, Flour -- to 7-1/2 cups, Sugar, Sugar, Water, 
Combine milk, water, and 1/3 c. margarine in a saucepan. Heat until liquids  are very warm (120-130~). Margarine doesnt need to melt. Place 6 cups  flour, sugar, salt and yeast in Bowl. Mix for about 1 minute, then  gradually add eggs, then warm liquid. Mix until smooth. Add remaining flour  until dough clings to dough hook (or becomes unmanageable for your mixer).  Remove from bowl and knead for 10 minutes, or until dough is smooth and  elastic. Place in greased bowl, turning to grease top. Cover; let rise in  warm place, free from draft, until doubled in bulk, about 35 minutes. (Know  what I do? I put a towel on a rack in my oven and set the bowl there. And  then I close the oven door and turn the oven on its lowest setting while  counting to 20. Turn the oven off; this seems to provide the bread an  optimal temperature for rising.) Meanwhile, combine 1/2 c. sugar and  cinnamon. Punch dough down. Little by little, knead in those raisins until  distributed evenly. Divide dough in half; roll each half to a 14x9"  rectangle. Brush lightly with melted margarine. Sprinkle each with half  cinnamon-sugar mixture. Beginning at the 9" end, tightly roll dough and  shape into loaves. Place in 2 greased 9" loaf pans. Cover; let rise in warm  place, free from draft, until doubled in bulk, about 35 minutes. Take the  loaves AND the towel out of your oven (towel flambe just aint that chic,  folks). Place oven rack on lowest position. Loosely "tent" aluminum foil  over top of each loaf. Preheat oven to 375~. Bake for about 40 minutes;  remove foil "tents" and brush tops of loaves with margarine. Bake 5 minutes  longer. Remove from pans and cool on wire racks.    NOTE: Best to toast this in a toaster oven inasmuch as the cinnamon swirls  tend to "separate" a bit. But this alters the taste not in the slightest!  Millions (well LOTS) of palates have thrilled to this stuff. Yours will,  too!    Recipe By     :    From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip