Walnut Crusted Goats Cheese
Shallots, Minced garlic; plus, Black Pepper, Egg; mixed with, Blanched split peas, Bread crumbs, Salt, Seasoned flour, olive oil, Water; for egg wash, Olive oil; plus, Minced onions, Garlic, Chives, Chorizo sausage; finely, Peeled; seeded and chopped, Finely-chopped parsley, Roasted walnuts, Veal reduction, Chopped fresh thyme, 
* Note: See the "Emerils Essence Information" recipe which is included in  this collection.    In a small food processor, pulse the walnuts until finely chopped. Remove  from the processor and turn into a mixing bowl. Stir the bread crumbs into  the walnut mixture and season the mixture with Emerils Essence. In another  mixing bowl, combine the Goats cheese, 2 tablespoons shallots, 2 teaspoons  garlic and chives together. Mix thoroughly. Season the mixture with salt  and pepper. Form the mixture into 2-ounce cakes, about 1 1/2 inches thick.    Dredge the cakes in the seasoned flour. Dip each cake in the egg wash,  letting the excess drip off. Dredge each cake in the walnut crust, coating  each side completely. In a saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil.  Add the chorizo and render for about 2 minutes. When the oil is hot, add  the onions and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the remaining shallots, garlic  and the split peas. Saute for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Stir  in the tomatoes and veal stock. Bring the liquid to a boil and reduce to a  simmer. Simmer the mixture for 6 to 8 minutes or until the peas are tender.  Reseason if necessary. Stir in the thyme and parsley, right at the end.    In a large saute pan, heat the remaining olive oil. When the oil is hot,  but not smoking, pan-fry the cakes for about 2 minutes on each side, or  until the cakes are crispy. Remove the cakes from the oil and drain on  paper-lined plate. Season the cakes with Essence. Spoon the sauce in the  center of each plate. Place two cakes in the center of the sauce. Garnish  with parsley.    This recipe yields 4 appetizer servings.    Recipe Source: EMERIL LIVE with Emeril Lagasse From the TV FOOD NETWORK -  (Show # EM-1A62 broadcast 10-17-1997) Downloaded from their Web-Site -  http://www.foodtv.com    Formatted for MasterCook by Joe Comiskey, aka MR MAD - jpmd44a@prodigy.com  ~or- MAD-SQUAD@prodigy.net    11-08-1997    Recipe by: Emeril Lagasse