Vietnamese Crab Spring Rolls
Ground pork butt, Fresh finely ground pepper, Flaked crab meat, Dried bean thread noodles, Warm water, Sugar, Bean sprouts; tails removed, Lettuce leaves, Fish sauce, Peanut oil for deep-frying, -Onion, Sm. dried tree-ear mushrooms, Shallots; minced -=OR=-, 12" rice paper wrappers, Fresh mint, Fresh coriander leaves, Grated carrot, Garlic, 
IN SEPARATE MEDIUM BOWLS, soak the mung bean noodles and tree-ear mushrooms  with water until soft and pliable. Drain the noodles and cut into shorter  lengths; set aside. Remove the hard centers from the mushrooms, coarsely  chop and set aside. In a medium bowl, combine the pork, garlic, fish sauce  and ground pepper. Mix in crab meat, tree-ear mushrooms, carrots, bean  sprouts, shallots and bean thread noodles; set aside. Combine the warm  water and sugar in a bowl. Lay 1 rice paper wrapper on a damp towel. (Keep  unused wrappers in their package.) Generously brush it with the sugar  water; allow it to soften to a very pliable wrapper, about 30 seconds or  sometime longer (depending upon the brand). With your hands shape 3  tablespoons filling into a tight compact 1-inch-wide-by-4-to-5-inch-long  cylinder. Place cylinder along the lower edge of wrapper. Roll the bottom  up and over the roll tightly. Fold both outside edges inward to enclose the  ends. Continue rolling up into a cylinder; set aside covered with plastic  wrap. Repeat until all the rolls are done. To cook and brown evenly, the  roll must be firm and evenly packed. If the wrapper has a tear, bandage it  with a softened rice-paper remnant. In a preheated wok or saucepan, add oil  to a depth of 2 inches and heat to 325F. Add a few rolls at a time, but do  not crowd. Fry for 10 seconds. Immediately increase to high heat or 375F.  Fry, turning occasionally until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove  and drain on paper towel. Cut crosswise into 1+1/2-inch pieces. Arrange  rolls on a plate lined with lettuce. On another plate, arrange leaves of  lettuce, fresh coriander and mint leaves. To eat, wrap spring-roll garnish  with sprig of coriander and mint leaves in a lettuce leaf and dip into nuoc  cham sauce (See RECIPE).    