Chanukah Gelt Double Fudge Chocolate Layer Cake
Unsalted butter or unsalted, CAKE, Sugar, Vegetable oil, Eggs, Vanilla, All-purpose flour, Baking Powder, CHOCOLATE ICING, Vanilla, Salt, Baking soda, Warm; flat cola soda, Cocoa; measured then sifted, Cinnamon, Chocolate chips; melted and, Water; cola or half-and-half, GARNISH, Color jimmies or cake, Cocoa; measured then sifted, Shortening, Gold chocolate coins; (20 to, Miniature decorative plastic, 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 2 9-inch layer pans and line  with parchment paper circles.    In a large mixing bowl, blend sugar and oil. Add eggs and mix until well  blended and mixture is thick and lightened in texture. In a separate bowl,  stir together flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and cocoa.  Fold dry ingredients into wet - and mix - drizzling in cola as mixture  blends. If using an electric mixer, use slow speed and mix about 3 minutes,  scraping sides and bottom once to incorporate all ingredients evenly. This  is a thin batter.    Bake, on middle oven rack, 35-40 minutes, until cakes spring back when  lightly touched.    ICING: Cream melted chocolate, shortening, butter and vanilla with cocoa  and l cup of the confectioners sugar. Add remaining confectioners sugar  and whip on high speed, adding in a bit of water, cola or half-and-half to  get a light, fluffy consistency. If not using right away, re-whip before  using. Add additional warm water to get correct consistency (a tablespoon  at a time).    DECORATING: Place one layer on a cardboard circle. Ice this with about 1/2  inch of frosting. Place top layer and ice cake - sides first. Coat sides  with colored sprinkles. Garnish bottom edge with coins. Garnish top with  coins - placing them either flat on top of cake or standing up (You may cut  some of the coins in half to garnish border of top layer). Place a couple  of miniature dreidels in centre if desired or Chanukah candles (can be lit  when menorah is lit).    Recipe by: Bater Baking.com( Baker Boulanger)    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Joyce Rosenfield <dogsmom@cinci.infi.net>  on Dec 10, 1998, 