Viennese Walnut Pudding Pt 1
Granulated sugar, HALFDIPPED WALNUTS, Walnuts, COFFEEVANILLA CREAM, Vanilla extract, Semisweet chocolate;, CHOCOLATE GLAZE, Light corn syrup, Vanilla extract, Instant coffee granules, Semisweet chocolate; finely, Fresh roasted coffee beans, Vanilla bean; split in half, Butter and sugar; for, Granulated sugar, Unsalted butter; softened, Water, Egg yolks plus 4 large egg, Walnut halves, Salt, Plus 3 tablespoons heavy, Heavy cream, VIENNESE WALNUT PUDDING, Dark rum, Plain dried bread crumbs, 
YIELD: 6 servings DIFFICULTY: ** PREPARATION: 1 hour plus chilling and  baking times. Allow the coffee-vanilla cream to chill for at least 6 hours  or overnight.    Make the coffee-vanilla cream:    1.In a medium saucepan, combine the cream, coffee beans, sugar and vanilla  bean. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until  the sugar is completely dissolved. Stop stirring and bring the mixture to a  gentle boil. Pour the hot cream mixture into a small noncorrosive bowl. Let  the mixture cool for 15 minutes.    2.Cover the surface of the cream mixture with plastic wrap and refrigerate  for at least 6 hours or overnight.    Make the Viennese walnut pudding:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.  Lightly butter and sugar six 6-ounce custard cups. Put the cups in a  high-sided roasting pan large enough to hold them easily.    2.Melt the chocolate with the rum, water and coffee according the melting  instructions given in the Chocolate Melting Tips. Whisk gently until smooth  and let the melted chocolate mixture cool for 5 to 10 minutes, until tepid.    3.In a food processor fitted with the metal chopping blade, combine the  bread crumbs, walnuts and salt. Process for 10 to 20 seconds until the nuts  are finely ground. Scrape the mixture into a small bowl.    4.In a large bowl, using a hand-held electric mixer set at medium speed,  beat the butter and confectioners sugar for 1 to 2 minutes, until creamy.  Beat in the vanilla. One at a time, beat in the egg yolks, beating well  after each addition. Add the melted chocolate mixture and beat until  smooth.    5.In a large grease-free bowl, using a hand-held electric mixer and clean  beaters, beat the egg whites at low speed until frothy. Gradually increase  the speed to high and beat the whites until soft peaks start to form. One  teaspoon at a time, gradually add the granulated sugar and continue beating  the whites until stiff, shiny peaks form.    6.Using a rubber spatula, fold one third of the whites into the chocolate  mixture to lighten it. Fold in the remaining whites with the bread crumb/  walnut mixture.    7.Divide the pudding equally among the prepared cups. Remove one of the  corner cups from the roasting pan. Hold a metal pancake spatula vertically  inside that corner of the roasting pan and slowly pour the water against  the spatula into the roasting pan. (The spatula will prevent the water from  splashing the other cups.) Pour in enough water to come one-half of the way  up the sides of the cups. Replace the cup in the roasting pan.    8.Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until a wooden toothpick inserted into the  center of each pudding comes out clean. Remove the roasting pan from the  oven and leave the puddings in the water bath to keep warm while preparing  the chocolate glaze.    continued in part 2