La Tarte Tatin
Apples, Golden Delicious, Lemon, Sugar, Butter unsalted, Butter pastry dough , OPTIONAL ACCOMPANIMENT, Whipped cream -or-, Sour cream -or-, Vanilla ice cream, 
Julia Child says in her book, THE WAY TO COOK, "A famous upside-down apple  tart.  Tarte Tatin is the French name for this famous dessert invented years ago by the Demoiselles Tatin, in their restaurant at Lamotte-Beuvron on the Loire River.  It is caramelized sliced apples oven baked in a skillet with the pastry on top; when done, it is turned upside down so the crust is on the botton and the apple slices--wonderfully brown, buttery, and glazed with caramel--remain in a design on the top."    She continues with a historical note.  "The following is my fourth and, so far as I am concerned, definitive recipe for this wonderful tart.  It can be tricky--the caramel juices can refuse to thicken, the apples can be either so loose the tart collapses when unmolded, or so stiff they stick to the pan, and so forth.  But after numerous trials with my colleagues Nancy Barr and Beth Gurney, I think we have worked out the bugs."     The recipe from Childs book:  THE WAY TO COOK by Julia Child for an 8-inch tart, serving 6 Special Equipment Suggested:  A heavy ovenproof frying pan, such as  cast-iron, 9 by 2 inches with fairly straight sides, or heavy no-stick alumininum; a bulb baster; a cover for the pan; a large enough flat bottomed serving dish.   NOTE:  the right apple is essential here.  (According to Childs on page 424 other varieties that should do well for this dish, include:  Granny Smith,  Baldwin, Northern Spy, Newtown Pippin, Rhode Island Greening, Rome Beauty, or York Imperial. Regional differences will account for what is available.)     Preparing the apples.  Quarter, core, and peel the apples, cut the quarters in half lengthwise.    Toss in a bowl with the lemon and 1/2 cup of sugar, and steep 20 minutes so they will exude their juices. Drain them.    The caramel.  Set the frying pan over moderately high heat with the butter, and when melted blend in the remaining sugar.   Stir about with a wooden spoon for several minutes, until the syrup turns a bubbly caramel brown--it will smooth out later, when the apple juices dissolve the sugar.     Arranging the apples in the pan.  Remove the pan from the heat and arrange a layer of apple slices nicely in the bottom of the pan to make an attractive design, (According to the photo in the book, arrange the apples first around the outside and then in the middle.)  Arrange the rest of the apples on top, close packed and only reasonably neat.   Add enough so they heap up 1 inch higher than the rim of the pan--they sink down as they cook.    Preliminary stove-top cooking for 20 to 25 minutes.  (Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. for the next step, placing the rack in the lower middel level.  Set the pan over moderately high heat, pressing the apples down as they soften and drawing the accumulated juices up over them with the bulb baster--basting gives the whole apple mass a deliciously buttery caramel  flavor.   In several minutes, when the apples begin to soften, cover the pan and continue cooking 10 to 15 minutes, checking and basting frequently until the juices are thick and syrupy.   Remove from heat, and let cool slightly while you roll out the dough.    The dough cover.  Roll the chilled dough into circle 1/16 inch thick and 1 inch larger than the top of your pan.  Cut 4 steam holes, 1/4 inch size, 1 1/2 inches from around the center of the dough. Working rapidly, fold the dough in half, then in quarters, center the point over the apples.  Unnfold  the dough over the apples.  Press the edges of the dough down between the apples and the inside of the pan.    Bake about 20 minutes at 425 degrees F.  Bake until the pastry has browned and crisped.  Being careful of the red-hot pan handle, remove from the oven.    Verification.  Tilt the pan, and if the juices are runny rather than a thick syrup, boil down rapidly on top of the stove, but be sure not to evaporate them completely or the apples will stick to the pan.    Serving.  Still remembering that the pan is red-hot, turn the serving dish upside down over the apples and reverse the two to unmold the tart.  If not quite neat in design, which does happen, rearrange slices as necessary.    Serve hot, warm, or cold, with the optional cream or ice cream.    