Chicken Curry
Cooked Chicken Breasts;, olive oil, Butter or margarine, Apple; peeled, cored, and, Celery; sliced, Onion, Garlic, Cornstarch, Curry Powder; (up to 3), Salt, Cold Chicken Broth, milk, (3-oz) Mushroom Pieces;, 
Todays one-dish meal is best prepared as two dishes. Okay, so The Cook &  Kitchen Staff stretched the definition of a casserole just a bit, in order  to provide you with a greater variety of dinner ideas from our "Creative  Casserole" collection. Please, forgive us.    Its easy to get into a rut in the kitchen because each time you prepare a  dish, it seems theres less time and money to spend. We recommend you take  an extra 15 minutes of cooking, slicing, and dicing time to prepare todays  recipe. Its guaranteed to spice up your dinner table tonight.    Cook chicken breasts in a large skillet over medium heat with just a splash  of olive oil to evenly brown the meat. Take your time to make sure the  chicken is cooked through; you can cut it into smaller sections as you  brown it to speed up your cooking time. Set aside cooked chicken and when  its cool enough to handle, dice it.    Melt the butter or margarine in a large saucepan over medium heat, and add  apple, celery, onion, and garlic. saute until the onion is translucent and  tender.    In a small mixing bowl, combine cornstarch, curry powder, a dash salt, and  cold chicken broth. Make sure no lumps of cornstarch remain in the sauce  base, then add the mixture to the sauteed fruit and vegetables. Cook over  medium heat until the sauce is thick and bubbly. Stir in cooked chicken and  mushrooms.    Heat the mixture through and serve over hot cooked rice. We recommend the  recipe given below for East Indian Rice. You may also offer condiments of  raisins, shredded coconut, chopped peanuts, and/or chutney.  Kitchen Staff Tip: Todays curried chicken recipe goes well with a service  of East Indian Rice. To prepare, simply melt 1/4 cup butter or margarine in  a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1/2 cup chopped onion and 1/4 cup  slivered almonds to the sizzling butter and saute until golden. Add 1/2 cup  golden raisins and continue to heat until plump. Add the mixture to 6 cups  of cooked rice and gently toss to combine. Pour the rice on a platter and  create a well in the center to retain your chicken curry.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 22, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.