Alphonses Brunswick Stew
Onion; sliced, Lima beans, 4 pound chicken; poached, Marjoram, Bay Leaves, Cayenne; optional, Cabbage; sliced, Corn, Carrots, Garlic, Potatoes; chopped, 2 pound rabbit; quartered, Tomatoes with juice; chopped, Salt and pepper, Virginia ham bone, Celery, Parsley; optional, 
Here in the South, Brunswick stew and/or Burgoo have long been  traditionally served alongside barbeque. Since its been so cold here on  the east coast this past week, I thought Id share some Brunswick Stew and  Burgoo recipes from the Bubba-L archives to pass the time. Yall  enjoy--theyre good!       As a fellow Southron "shivering" in this inhospitable Northern iceland  (why go to Reyjavik when you can have it all here?), I want to pass on to  you one of my Brunswick Stew recipe to fortify you before grading student  papers, prepare lectures, and such. Starting way in advance, poach one 4 lb  chicken. Then add a 2 lb rabbit thats been quartered (if you dont find  any in your backyard by all means substitute veal) and put on high heat and  then simmer with the chicken with additional water to cover. You should add  the rabbit some 35 minutes after having poached the chicken. When done,  drain, reserve the stock and cool the meats on a platter. Once the meats  are cool enough to touch with your fingers, bone the chicken and the rabbit  and chop into bite-size pieces. Return the chicken and rabbit morsels into  the stockpot and add a Virginia ham bone (if you got one) along with 2 cups  of sliced onions, 2 cups of chopped celery, 1 cup carrots, and 2 cups of  sliced cabbage. Add garlic, marjoram, 2 bay leaves, and a little dash of  cayenne (optional). Stir in 2-3 lbs of chopped tomatoes with juice, bring  to a boil, then simmer for 25 minutes. Add 1 lb of lima beans, 1 1/2 lbs  chopped potatoes, and 4 cups of corn. Bring to a boil again and then  simmer, stir the pot a bit to prevent burning. This will take another hour.  Season with salt and black pepper. An option is to sprinkle finely chopped  parsley into the pot. You can serve this on a bed of rice, or with biscuit,  or, as I like to do, with fresh baguettes. A nicely tossed salad with  vinaigrette dressing would be a nice accompaniment to your stew. Choose a  good, full-bodied red wine to serve with your stew and you and your guests  can tell winter to do its worst.  Recipe By     : Alphonse Vinh    Posted to bbq-digest V4 #43    Date: Sat, 16 Nov 1996 08:21:01 -0800 (PST)    From: Tom Solomon <bigheat@earthlink.net>