Vietnamese Pho
Scallions, Beef sirloin, Fresh chili peppers, Onions, Hot chili sauce, Rice noodles, Shallots, Flank steak, Cilantro, Onions, Fresh mint, ginger, Salt, Black pepper, Fresh bean sprouts, Star anise, Nuoc mam, Oxtails, Parsnips, Beef bones, Fresh Asian, Limes, Cinnamon, 
Soak bone overnight in cold water.  Place bones, oxtails and flank steak in  a large stock pot.  Add water to cover and bring to a boil. Cook 10  minutes, drain and rinse pot and bones. Return bones to pot, add 6 quarts  water and bring to a boil.  Skim surface of scum and fat. Stir bones at  bottom from time to time. Add 3 more quarts water, bring to a boil again  and skim scum.  Lower heat and let simmer.  Char clove-studded onions,  shallots, and ginger under a broiler until they release their fragrant  odors.  Tie charred vegetables, star anise, and cinnamon stick in a thick,  dampened cheesecloth.  Put it in stock with parsnips and salt. Simmer for 1  hour. Remove flank steak and continue simmering broth, uncovered pot, for  4-5 hours.  Add more water if level goes below bones.    Meanwhile, slice beef sirloin against grain into paper-thin slices, about  2-by-2 inches.  Slice flank steak the same way. Set aside. In a small bowl,  combine scallions, cilantro, and half the sliced onions. Place remaining  onions in another bowl and mix in hot chili sauce. Soak rice noodles in  warm water for 30 minutes. Drain and set aside.    When broth is ready, discard bones.  Strain broth through a colander lined  with a double layer of damp cheesecloth into a clean pot. Add fish sauce  and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer. In another pot, bring 4 quarts  of water to a boil.  Add noodles and drain immediately. Do not overcook  noodles. Divide among 4 large soup bowls. Top noodles with sliced meats.  Bring broth to a rolling boil, then ladle into soup bowls. Garnish with  scallions mixture and black pepper. Serve the onions in hot chili sauce and  remaining ingredients on the side to add as desired. Also, you can add  Hoisin sauce as a dip. Serves 4.    Source: "The foods of Vietnam" by Nicole Routhier (Stewart, Tabori & Chang)    From the rec.food.recipe archives. From: nguyenc@rtsg.mot.com (Chuong M.  Nguyen)    MM format by Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@shell.portal.com, juphelps@delphi.com,  or jphelps@best.com    