Chicken Bhutuwa (Classic Nepali Stir-Fried Chicken)
Cinnamon Powder, Lemon juice, Chicken, Mustard Oil, Cumin Powder, Turmeric, Salt to taste, Black Pepper, Mustard Oil, Fenugreek seeds, Cloves, Garlic, fresh Ginger, Fresh Red Chilies, Green Peas, Green Onions, 
At the end of each month, The Cook & Kitchen Staff select some of the best  recipes sent to Recipe-a-Day during the month, and post them to the entire  membership. Todays offering is from a Recipe-a-Day member in Missouri who  sent a lovely collection of Nepali cookery our way.    Todays recipe is for a spicy main course of stir-fried chicken. You may  elect to use both white and dark meat in your preparation, or all white  meat. You can also prepare todays recipe with lamb or shrimp, so keep it  handy and try it several ways!    In a large bowl combine chicken, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, one tablespoon  of mustard oil, cumin, turmeric, salt and pepper. Toss well to coat  thoroughly. Let marinate for two hours.    In a non-stick pan warm 4 tablespoons (1/4 cup) of mustard oil over  medium-high heat. saute fenugreek seeds in the oil until they turn dark.  Add cloves and saute for 15 seconds. Transfer the coated chicken to the  pan, stir well, and brown over medium-high heat.    Add garlic, ginger, and red chilies, and reduce the heat to medium.  Stir-fry chicken until cooked through. You may need to add water to  moisten, to keep it from burning.    Add green peas, green onions, and cinnamon, and stir for two minutes.  Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Drain off any excess oil. Serve with  stir-fried vegetables and rice or Roti.    Kitchen Staff Tips: Roti is a flat, round, whole-wheat bread and is  traditionally served with curries. It can accompany every meal and can be  eaten alone or as a side dish. Roti can be wrapped around meat or vegetable  dishes, or can be torn off with the fingers and dipped. If you have an  ethnic grocery featuring Indian or Hindu cookery, we recommend you pick up  some Roti, because it makes a fantastic service with todays recipe.    Fenugreek [FEHN-yoo-greek] in an aromatic plant native to Asia and southern  Europe. From slightly sweet seeds, it produces a pleasantly bitter flavor.  Fenugreek seeds are available in whole and ground varieties and are used to  flavor many foods including curry powders, Asian spice blends, and teas.  Fenugreek seeds should be stored in a cool, dark place and used within six  months.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 31, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.