Vindaloo (Goan-Style Hot and Sour Pork)
Water, Whole cumin seeds, Salt, Turmeric, cinnamon, Fenugreek seeds, Brown sugar, Cardamom seeds, Black mustard seeds, Black pepper corns, White wine vinegar, Pork, ginger, garlic, Ground coriander seeds, onions, Vegetable oil, Hot, dried red chilies, 
Grind cumin seeds,  red chilies,  peppercorns, cardamom seeds, cinnamon,  black  mustard  seeds and fenugreek seeds in a coffee-grinder  or  other  spice grinder.   Put the ground spices in a bowl.  Add the vinegar, salt  and sugar.  Mix and set aside.  Heat  the  oil in a wide,  heavy pot over a medium flame.   Put  in  the  onions.   Fry,  stirring  frequently,  until  the onions turn brown  and  crisp.   Remove  the onions with a slotted spoon and put them  into  the  container  of  an  electric blender or food processor.   (Turn  off  the  heat.)   Add  2-3  tablespoons of water to the  blender  and  puree  the  onions.   Add this puree to the ground spices in the bowl.  (This is the  vindaloo paste.  It may be made ahead of time and frozen.)  Dry  off  the meat cubes with a paper towel and remove large  pieces  of  fat, if any.  Put  the ginger and garlic into the container of an electric blender  or  food processor.  Add 2-3 tablespoons of water and blend until you have a  smooth paste.  Heat  the oil remaining in the pot once again over a medium-high  flame.  When hot, put in the pork cubes, a few at a time, and brown them lightly  on  all  sides.   Remove each batch with a slotted spoon and keep  in  a  bowl.   Do all the pork this way.   Now put the ginger-garlic paste into  the same pot.   Turn down the heat to medium.   Stir the paste for a few  seconds.  Add the coriander and turmeric.  Stir for another few seconds.  Add  the  meat,  any  juices that may have accumulated as  well  as  the  vindaloo paste and the water.  Bring to a boil.  Cover and simmer gently  for  an  hour  or until port is tender.   Stir a few times  during  this  cooking period.  Serve with rice.    From the TWSU BBS, 316-689-3779, C. Burdsal, SYSOP    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmindian.zip