Challah
Warm Water; (110-F Degrees), Honey, Vegetable oil, Eggs, Unbleached White Flour; (up, Poppy or Sesame Seeds;, Active dry yeast, Salt, 
Makes 2 Braided Loaves    The Cook and Kitchen Staff are offering you some of our best recipes from  "Our Daily Bread" collection. Todays recipe is for the traditional egg  bread for the Jewish Sabbath.    Todays recipe makes a really beautiful bread, wonderful when sliced and  prepared as French toast, fantastic when prepared as dinner rolls. If you  have any bread left after 3 or 4 days, prepare it as a savory bread  pudding. Some bakers add a drop of yellow food coloring or a dash of  saffron to create a lovely pale yellow bread. Do as you please, its  delicious in nearly any shape or form.    In a large bowl, sprinkle yeast over warm water. Beat in honey, oil, 2  eggs, and salt. Add the flour one cup at a time, beating after each  addition until you achieve a consistency that requires kneading. Knead  until smooth and elastic and no longer sticky, adding flour as needed.  Cover with a damp clean cloth and let rise for 1 1/2 hours, or until dough  has doubled in bulk.    Punch down the risen dough and turn out onto a floured board. Divide in  half, and knead each half for about 5 minutes, adding flour as needed to  keep the dough from sticking.    Divide dough into 4 equal sections. Roll three of the portions into ropes  about 16 to 18 inches long. Braid the ropes, starting in the middle and  working to the ends. Tuck under tips and turn around to work other  direction, tucking under both ends. Divide fourth section into three parts.  Roll into ropes about 8 inches long, and braid again, as directed. Place  small braid on top of, and in center, lengthwise, of larger braid. Pinch  ends of small one down onto larger. Place whole on greased cookie sheet.  Cover, let rise 1 hour.    Pre-heat oven to 375-F degrees. Beat the remaining egg and brush a generous  amount over each braid. Sprinkle with either sesame or poppy seeds.    Bake for about 40 minutes. Bread should have a nice hollow sound when  thumped on the bottom. Cool on a rack for at least one hour before slicing.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 8, 1998, 