Cheesecake ( Almond Amaretto )
Eggs, salt, Unsalt butter, Sugar, All-purpose flour, Crust, Almonds, Egg yolk, Almond extract, filling, lemon zest, Heavy cream, Strawberries, Sugar, all-purpose flour, Cream cheese, Amaretto liqueur, 
Calories     per serving: 496 Fat grams per serving: 28 Approx. Cook Time:  Cholesterol  per serving: 113 1. Make Crust: Lightly greased 9-inch  springform pan.  In food processor, process sugar and almonds until nuts  are finely ground. Add flour and salt; pulse to blend. Cut up butter into  bits; add to flour mixture. Pulse until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Add egg yolk and almond extract; pulse just until dough holds together.  Press dough into prepare pan to line bottom and 2 inch up sides.  Refrigerate 1 hour. 2. Preheat oven to 400. Bake crust 8 minutes or just  until golden. Place on wire rack; let stand stand until cool. Make filling:  In large bowl, with electric mixer at medium-high speed, beat cream cheese  until light and fluffy.  Gradually beat in sugar; beat 3 minutes or until  mixture is blended and smooth.  Beat in lemon zest. At medium speed, beat  in eggs and yolks, on at a time, beating just until blended after each  addition. 3. At low speed, beat in heavy cream and liqueur. Beat in flour  just until blended. Increase oven temperature to 500. Pour filling into  cooled crust in pan.  Bake 12 minutes.  Reduce oven temperature to 200.   Bake cheesecake 1 hour longer, cover loosely with foil if top browns too  quickly.  Turn off oven; let cheesecake remain on rack for 30 minutes with  oven door propped ajar with wooden spoon. 4. Place cake on cooling rack.  Let stand until room temperature. Cover; chill 6 hours or overnight. To  serve, run knife around edges of pan to loosen cake. Remove pan sides.  Place cake on serving dish.   Garnish with strawberries.  Before cutting each slice, dip knife in cold  water.    Posted by Fred Ball to the Fidonet National Cooking echo 9-98    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Nov 14, 98