Virginia Sauers Hungarian Kifli
FILLING, (8-ounce) cream cheese; cold, Freshly squeezed lemon juice, (4 sticks) unsalted butter;, Granulated sugar, All-Purpose Flour, Powdered sugar, DOUGH, Stick; (1/4-pound) (8, (6 cups) finely chopped, 
This was originally posted by Virginia Sauer and is wonderful.    ~- Several hours (or a day) before you are going to bake these, make dough:  . Sift flour into large mixing bowl. . Using pastry blender or two knives,  cut in 1 pound of the butter butter and the cream cheese until mixture  resembles large flakes of cornmeal, with several pieces the size of small  peas. . Form into a large bowl. . Encase in plastic wrap and refrigerate  for several hours. (Overnight is fine.)    ~- When ready to bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees F.    ~- Make filling: . Put remaining 1 stick butter into 3-quart saucepan. .  Cook over low heat until melted. . Turn off flame under pot. . Add  granulated sugar and lemon juice. Using wooden spoon, stir until smooth. .  Add walnuts. Continue mixing until thoroughly blended. . Set aside for  filling.    ~- Prepare pastries: . Sprinkle powdered sugar over working surface. . Roll  cold dough between palms of hands into approximately 96 walnut-sized balls.  . Using rolling pin, flatten each ball of dough into a circle approximately  3 1/2 inches in diameter. . Place 1 heaping teaspoonful walnut filling in  center of each ball of dough. . Roll each ball of dough into a log (jelly  roll fashion). . Gently shape dough into a crescent. . Arrange on ungreased  cookie sheets.    ~- Bake until golden (approximately 15 minutes). Be careful not to  overbake.    ~- Using a spatula, transfer cookies to wire rack.    ~- Generously sprinkle with powdered sugar.    ~- Set aside to cool.    ~- Serve warm or at room temperature.    Yield: 8 dozen    NB: Although these cookies do not keep well, they can be stored in airtight  containers in refrigerator for 2 or 3 days. If desired, reheat, sprinkle  with powdered sugar, and serve warm.    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Mary Hathaway <paraducks1@JUNO.COM> on Mar 9,  1998