Vegetarian Refried Beans
Vegetable oil, Beans in a Pot Master Recipe, Cumin powder, Salt, Onions; chopped, Chili powder, 
THIS IS A LEFTOVER RECIPE FOR USE WITH THE BEANS IN A POT MASTER RECIPE    NOTE: Only very tender beans fork for "refried" beans; if they are even  slightly tough, the mixture never gets properly creamy and remains gritty.    Mash or puree beans to get a chunky consistency. Leave some whole, others  in pieces, still others pureed into a thick, saucelike mixture.    Saute onion in oil until softened and lightly browned, then sprinnkle in  cumin and chili powder. (Use pure powder, such as ancho or guajillo, or a  good blend.)    Ladle in a scoop of beans, cook over medium high heat until thickened and  slightly darkened, then add another ladleful and repeat until all the beans  have simmered into a thick, darkened, flavorful mixture. Season to taste  with salt.    See Notes for serving suggestions.    NOTES : Transfer enough bean mixture for one meal to an ovenproof gratin  dish. Top beans with shredded Monteray Jack Cheese, or a mixture of Jack  and Colby (Longhorn) cheese. Place in hot oven or under broiler until  cheese melts and just begins to bubble. Serve with classical Mexican  accompaniments; sour cream, shredded lettuce, chopped green onion, chopped  fresh tomato, sliced black olives, salsa.    Refritos Frijoles Salad:    Spread a portion of refries on the bottom of a plate. Sprinkle leftover  shredded beef, chicken, turkey, hamburgers, etc. over the beans and top  with any/all of the accompaniments.    Burrito: Using a 8-inch (or so) flour tortilla, put a log-shaped portion of  bean mixture down the middle, leaving a couple of inches at the ends bare.  Top with a small amount of any/all accompaniments and roll into a burrito.    Chimichanga: Assemble as above, leaving out accompaniments above except  shredded cheese. Roll tightly and pan-fry or deep-fry. Serve on warmed  plate.    Recipe by: SF Chronicle; Jun 7, 1995 - WEEKEND COOK    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1000 by Judi Moseley <judi@moseleygroup.com>  on Jan 10, 1998