Virginia Sauers Baklava Pt 1
Cloves, (1/4 pound) very finely, Ground cloves, Ground mace, Pure vanilla extract, Granulated sugar; divided, (1/4 pound) very finely, (32 16x12-inch) #4 Phyllo, (9 ounces) thyme or clover, (1/4 pound) very finely, Ground cinnamon, Cold water, (1/4 pound) very finely, (6 sticks) unsalted butter;, Ground nutmeg, Ground allspice, Zest; (thin, outermost, Bottle; (1 1/2 ounce) (3, (1/4 pound) very finely, Stick; (2 1/2 inch) of, Lemon; (about 1 tablespoon), 
Prepare syrup: Combine 1 1/2 cups of the sugar with the water, honey,  orange zest, stick cinnamon, lemon juice, and whole cloves in 2-quart  saucepan. Bring to a boil. Lower flame and simmer, uncovered, for 25  minutes. Turn off flame under pot. Discard cinnamon stick, whole cloves,  and orange zest. Stir in rosewater and vanilla extract. Set aside.    Toast nuts: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Spread nuts in 13x9x2-inch  baking pan. Bake 15 minutes. Remove pan from oven and place on trivet.  Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F.    Make filling: Put 1 stick (8 tablespoons) of the butter in Dutch oven. Cook  over low heat until melted. Turn off flame under pot. Stir in remaining 3/4  cup of the sugar, along with the ground spices. Mix until smooth. Stir in  toasted nuts. Continue stirring until nuts are thoroughly coated with  syrup. Set aside for filling.    Clarify butter: Put remaining 5 sticks (1 1/4 pounds) butter into heavy  3-quart saucepan. Cook over low flame until butter has melted and a thin  foam rises to the surface. Skim off this residue and reserve it for  seasoning vegetables, et cetera. The remaining butter has been clarified.    Assemble pastries: Using pastry brush, spread thin layer of clarified  butter in bottom of 15x10x1/2-inch jelly roll pan. Set aside. Remove sheets  of Phyllo from package. Gently unroll. Using scissors, cut through entire  stack at once, dividing each sheet into quarters. Place Phyllo quarters  between two sheets of plastic wrap, and cover with damp dish towel. (This  is to prevent the dough from drying out.) Remove 1 square Phyllo from  stack, making certain remainder stay covered. Brush entire surface (one  side) with clarified butter. Place second square of Phyllo on top. Brush  entire surface (one side) with clarified butter.    continued in part 2