Almond Meringue Crisps
Egg whites, Caster sugar, Plain (bittersweet), (fl) double cream, CHOCOLATE GANACHE, Caster (granulated) sugar, Cream of tartar, Unsalted butter, Sliced almonds, Salt, Almond extract/essence, 
From: yu105639@laurel.yorku.ca (William Ing)    Date: 29 Dec 1994 13:11:41 -0500  From Marcel Desaulniers Death By Chocolate; The last word on a consumming  Passion.  This recipe starts is divided into two parts; Almond Meringue  Crisps for the base and a Chocolate Ganache as the topping.    Equipment: Measuring spoons, 2 baking sheets, food processor with metal  blade, electric mixer with balloon whisk, rubber spatual, greasproof paper,  piping bag, double boiler, cling film, whisk, 2 pint/1.5L saucepan, small  stainless steel bowl, medium star nozzle..... or equivalent.    Preheat oven to 325F/170C/Gas 3.  Lightly toast almonds on a baking sheet  in oven for 5 minutes. Let cool to room temp. Reduce oven temp to  225F/100F/ Gas 1/4    Coarsely process toasted almonds with 1oz/28g sugar into 1/8" size pieces  and set aside until needed.    Line two baking sheets with greaseproof paper.  Create meringue by whisking  egg whites on medium speed with balloon whick until frothy (approx 1 min).  Add cream of tartar and salt and increase speed to high until whites begin  to stiffen, then gradually add 4oz/113g caster sugar. The egg whites should  form peaks that are stiff but not dry. Add almond essence and whisk on high  for an additional 30 seconds. Remove from mixer and using a rubber spatula,  fold in the chopped almonds and cornflour.    Fill a piping bag (with no nozzle) with the meringue.  Pipe 30 - 1.5"  mounds of meringue onto the paper-covered baking sheets (~15 per sheet).  Make an indentation into the centre of each meringue by dipping your thumb  in some icing sugar and then into the centre of each meringue. Place  meringues in the preheated oven and bake for 30 minutes. Reduce temperature  to 200F/100C/ Fas 1/4 and bake for an additional 2 hours. Remove from oven  and allow to cool for 20 min before handling.    While  crisps are cooling, prepare ganache.  heat 1" of water in the bottom  half of a double boiler over medium heat.  Place the plain chocolate in the  top half of the double boiler.  Tightly cover the top with cling film and  allow to heat for 5-6 minutes.  Remove from heat and stir until smooth.    Heat the  double cream, 1 tsp of sugar and nbutter in a saucepan over  medium high heat. Bring to a gentle boil. Pour boiling cream over the  melted chocolate and stir until smooth. Transfer teh ganache from the  boiler to a small stainless steel bowl. Cover wtih cling film and  refrigerate until firm (~20min). Transfer ganache to a piping bag fitted  with a medium sized star nozzle. Pipe approx. 1.5 tsp of ganache into the  center of each almond meringue crisp.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /COOKIES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.