Aloha for Six Chicken Salad with Soft and Crispy Noodles
Chicken breasts [3/4lb], Lime juice, Roasted peanuts, chopped, Red onion, thinly sliced, Snow peas, thin diag slice, Sweet red pepper, thin slice, Chow mein noodles, Salt, Linguine noodles, Leaf lettuce leaves, Salt, Soy sauce, DRESSING, Lime juice, Granulated sugar, Pepper, Vegetable oil, MARINADE, Garlic, 
Marinade: In bowl, combine lime juice, salt, pepper and garlic; add chicken  turning to coat. Place on lightly greased baking sheet; bake in 350F=180C  oven for 15-20 minutes or until no longer pink inside. Cover and  refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours.    Dressing: In small bowl, whisk together oil, lime juice, soy sauce, sugar  and salt; cover and refrigerate for up to 8 hours.    In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook linquine for 8-10 minutes or  until tender but firm; drain and refresh under cold water. Drain well and  place in large bowl.    Slice chicken diagonally into thin strips; add to cooled linguine along  with snow peas, red pepper and onion. Pour dressing over top, toss to coat  well. Place 2 lettuce leaves on each plate; divide salad evenly among  plates. Surround each salad with chow mein noodles. Sprinkle with peanuts.    Per serving: 335 calories, 19 g protein, 16 g fat, 28 g carbohydrate Good  source iron    Variation: substitute 3/4 lb cooked baby shrimp for the chicken; just toss  with the marinade before adding to linguine and vegetables.    Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden Curry  Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And Crispy Noodles  Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha For Six: Citrus Sweet  Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And Sweet Onions Aloha For Six:  Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha For Six: Coconut Cookies    Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby    [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V4 #175 by "KAR" <bluekat@gate.net> on Jul 7,  1997