Amaretto Cheesecake with Raspberry Sauce
Frozen unsweetened, Granulated sugar, Eggs, Butter, Granulated sugar, Sour cream, Amaretto or other almond, BASE, Cream cheese, SAUCE, Vanilla, Amaretto or other almond, Sugar, FILLING, Almond extract, Chopped almonds, 
From: christi@meaddata.com (Christi Wilson)    Date: 4 Aug 1994 20:44:26 -0400    From The Toronto Star, February 3, 1993.    Base: In 9-inch microwavable quiche dish, shallow round baking dish or deep  pie plate, melt butter at high (100 per cent power) 1 to 1 1/2 minutes.  Stir in almonds and sugar until evenly coated with butter. Press into  bottom and sides of dish. Microwave at high 2 to 3 minutes or until firm.  If necessary, rotate dish during cooking.    Filling: Beat cream cheese and sugar until light. Beat in eggs one at a  time.  Add sour cream, 2 tablespoons Amaretto or almond liqueur, vanilla  and almond extract. Beat until smooth. Pour into baked crust.    Microwave uncovered at medium (50 per cent power) 14 to 18 minutes or until  cheesecake is almost set in centre. Rotate dish partway through cooking, if  necessary.    Cool on countertop to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate until  serving time.    Sauce: Reserve some whole raspberries for garnish. Puree remaining  raspberries. Push through sieve to remove seeds. Stir 2 tablespoons  Amaretto or almond liqueur into puree. Add sugar to taste.    To serve, spoon some sauce on to dessert plates. Place slice of cheesecake  on sauce. Garnish with reserved berries. Makes 6 to 8 servings.    If you prefer, use 1 cup graham cracker crumbs with 1/2 cup finely chopped  almonds for the crust. Use a food processor and pulse to chop nuts to an  even consistency, rather than a fine powder. Also, you could substitute  strawberries for the raspberries. To omit liqueur, increase almond extract  in the filling to 1 teaspoon and use just a drop in the raspberry puree.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /DESSERTS    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.