Almond Horns Dipped in Chocolate
GLAZE, Almond extract (or to, Apricot jam, Egg white beaten to blend, Hazelnuts, unhusked, Sliced almonds, coarsely, Egg whites, All purpose flour, Granulated sugar, Semi-sweet chocolate, Lemon Peel, DOUGH, 
(recipe adapted from Bon Apetite magazine, but played with a lot)    yield 12 regular size horns or 48 miniature horseshoes    Grind sugar, hazelnuts, flour and lemon peel to powder in processor.  Blend  in jam and one egg white, stopping to scraped down dies of bowl.  With  machine running gradually mix in enough of second egg white to form stiff  paste.  Transfer mixture to double boiler over gently simmering water. Stir  with wooden spoon until mixture softens and some of sugar dissolves, about  6 minutes.  Stir in almond extract  Transfer paste to shallow pan. Press  plastic wrap onto surface of paste and refrigerate.    Preheat oven to 3500F.  Butter and flour baking sheet or cover baking sheet  with parchment paper.    For regular size cookies:  Cut dough into 12 pieces.  Roll each piece into  3-inch long cylinder, tapering ends, chill.  Roll in lightly beaten egg  white glaze and then in the sliced almonds. Bend into crescent shapes.  Arrange on prepared sheet spacing 2 inches apart.  Bake until pale golden,  about 15 minutes.  Set sheet on rack and let crescents cool to warm.  Transfer to rack and cool completely.  Melt semi-sweet chocolate and allow  to cool.  Dip tips of cookies into chocolate and place on rack to harden.  May be refrigerated to set chocolate.  Store in airtight container.    For miniature cookies :  Roll balls of dough about the size of a walnut and  chill.  Make into cylinders and chill again.  Roll cylinders in egg white  and chopped nuts, shape into horseshoes.  Arrange on prepared cookie sheets  and bake 8-10 minutes.  Cool as above.  Dip ends in melted chocolate and  cool or refrigerate to set.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V96 #80    Date: Sun, 17 Nov 1996 15:18:26 -0500    From: swass@global2000.net (Barbara & Steve Wasser)