Almost Fat-Free Ginger Cookies
Egg, Sugar, Ground ginger, Sugar, Ground cinnamon, Molasses, Ground cloves, All-purpose flour, Prune Butter, Salt, Baking soda, 
Preheat oven to 350F.  Into a medium bowl, sift together flour, ginger,  baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and salt.    In a large bowl with electric mixer, beat Prune Butter and sugar until  well-blended.  Beat in egg and molasses until well-blended. Stir in flour  mixture until completely mixed.    Place a little sugar in a medium bowl.  Scoop out heaping teaspoonfuls of  mixture.  Using your palms, roll into 3/4-inch balls and drop into the  sugar.  Roll to cover the surface completely; then place balls 2 inches  apart on ungreased baking sheets.    Bake until cookies are slightly rounded and tops appear lightly browned and  crackles.  Remove baking sheets to wire racks to cool slightly. The, using  a metal pancake turner or palette knife, remove cookies to wire racks to  cool completely.  Repeat with remaining cookie dough and sugar. Store in  airtight containers.    * Prune butter is from "Secrets of Fat Free Baking" by Sandra Woodruff. To  make one cup, combine 8 oz prunes and 6 tb water or fruit juice in food  processor.  (I used apple juice for the batch for this recipe.)    Source:  Lisa Clarke, based on Cookie Jar Gingersnaps in "The Complete  Cookie Book" by Elizabeth Wolf Cohen    Notes:  The cookies have 39.5 calores (3.6% from fat) and 0.2g fat each.  They also have more dietary fiber, potassiumn and calcium than the  originals, and less cholesterol.  They were delicious, but rolling them  into balls was a nightmare.  They stuck to everything. They may need more  flour.  They also didnt flaten out as much as the originals. They kept  their ball shape, for the most part.    The Chefs Comments: "Yesterday i took a cookie recipe that I wanted to  try, and I made exactly according to the recipe (it was great!) and then I  made another batch, using the Prune Butter technique. For cookies, the book  suggests replacing all of the fat with Prune Butter, and removing as much  sugar as 1/2 to 2/3 the amount of Prune Butter used, to keep sweetness  consistent witht he original recipe.  The low-fat recipe was a difficult  texture to work with, and they didnt spread out nicely when cooking. They  remained little clumps.  But they did taste very good. I have a hard time  telling the difference between the two, believe it or not. Who would have  thought substituting prunes for crisco was a wise choice??" - Lisa    From: Lisa Date: 09-08-96 (12:38) The Polka Dot Cottage, a BBS with a taste  of home. 1-973-822-3627    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #713 by Lisa Clarke <lisa@gaf.com> on Aug 1,  97