Champagne Gazpacho with Dilled Sour Cream
Nonfat sour cream, Champagne vinegar, Coarsely chopped shallots, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Plum tomatoes; coarsely, Cucumbers; peeled, halved, Salt, Pepper, Coarsely chopped fresh basil, Hot sauce, Chopped fresh dill, Champagne vinegar, Red bell peppers; coarsely, Diced tomatoes; (1 can), Coarsely chopped fresh, 
Combine the first 3 ingredients in a small bowl; stir well. Cover and  chill.    Combine 1/2 cup vinegar and next 8 ingredients (1/2 cup vinegar through  bell peppers) in a large bowl; stir well. Cover and marinate in  refrigerator for 2 hours.    Place half of tomato mixture in a food processor, and process until well-  blended.    Pour the mixture into a large bowl; repeat procedure with remaining tomato  mixture. Add salt, pepper, and diced tomatoes to pureed tomato mixture;  stir well.    Cover and chill 8 hours. Yield: 9 servings (serving size: 1 cup soup and 4  teaspoons sour cream mixture).    Serving Ideas : Serve with sour cream mixture.    NOTES : From Chef Susan Weaver of Fifty-Seven, Fifty-Seven in the Four  Seasons Hotel. As executive chef of the Four Seasons Hotel, Susan Weaver is  one of New Yorks preeminent female chefs. In 1987, while working as  executive sous-chef at the Ritz-Carlton in Chicago, she was the only woman  to compete in the Bocuse dOr in Lyon, France, where she place in the top  10. The following year she was the only female finalist in the 22-year  history of the Prix Culinaire International Pierre Taittinger in Paris.  Thrilled to be working in New York, she describes her evolving style of  cooking as "progressive and eclectic" and her restaurant as "a very  luxurious American grill." Chefs note. "I serve this gazpacho with a  rice-paper roll filled with julienned vegetables. To make it: Soak the rice  paper in cold water until pliable, about 2 minutes. Fill with chiffonade of  romaine, basil, and mint and julienned carrots and jicama. Roll the paper  and slice. Use 3 slices as a garnish for the soup."    Recipe by: Cooking Light, Jul/Aug 1995, page 120    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Sep 21, 98,  