Kwee Lapis
Eggs, Sugar, Flour, Butter, Clove, Cardamon powder, Cinnamon, 
This is really good, very tasty, and definately not the most healthy cake there is.  I remember my mother-in-law, busy making it.  She was sitting next to her oven, and it lasted so long before she was finished, she fell asleep all the time.  She was smart enough to set her alarmclock, so nothing terrible happened.  To make a cake like this takes so much time, there are hardly people left who bother making it.  Tho my son-in-law....... I must  admit: He makes a great kwee lapis.  Even my husband has to admit that he does a good job.    Mix in a bowl 16 egg yolks and 20 tablespoons sugar and stir till it is creamy.  While stirring add 8 tablespoons flour, and 1/2 lb butter, in little pieces (one by one).   Mix the 16 eggwhites foamy and add this while stirring to the batter.   Mix in a second bowl the other egg yolks with 10 tablespoons sugar, 7 tablespoons flour, the spices and 1/2 lb butter.   This cake needs an oven with grill heating:  so:  not on the floor, but the top.  The two batters have different colors, one is white, the other is brown.  This cake is baked film by film:  one white, one brown film.    First bake a film, draw the bakin tin out the oven after a film is finished, smear some butter on it, put with a spoon some of the other batter on it, smear this out, and let it bake.  The films need to be thin.   This cake is really good the day after you made it.  You have to cut it in very thin slices, and really enjoy it.  It is not done to serve it in huge pieces.  Well, let me know what you think about this.  I am sure this cake is unknown by other people than the Indonesians.  Of course it is eaten by many people over here, since the Indo-Europeans are in our country now for about 50  years.    I got a lot of questions about my 30-eggs cake. And I find it very  difficult to answer them, because everything over here is so different from the States.  We use other grades measurements, and too centimeters and stuff. But Debbies letter answers almost all the questions.  THANKS!!!   The  layers ought to be thin, about the thickness of a pancake. And the women in Indonesia bake always several cakes at the same time, since it is so much work. So, if you think your pan is not big enough, take onother one, and  fill it too. You can make this cake as high as you want. We, here in Holland, have ovens with heat on the floor, and a grill on the top.  We use the grill to make this.   If there is a different kind of heat on the top,  that is okay.  To see when the new layer is baked, we use a thin knittingneedle and stick it in it.  When there is batter sticking on the needle, it needs to bake a little longer. But since the layers are thin,  they bake quickly.  We over here have only one temperature on top of our ovens.  Use the heat you use to grill something, that is okay.  You have to use the top-heat, because every toplayer has to bake.  Floorheat will make  it dry, and you cannot bake the layers then.   This egg-cake tastes delicious when it is a couple of days old.  Then it turns out to be smoothly and creamy.  And you really need to cut thin slices.   When you make it together with the kids, you will see it is much fun!  I am glad that there are people who like my different recipes.  The way of cooking over here is indeed not the same as in the States.  I know, I have been there this year, stayed in an American family, and I was very amazed.  But I loved the experience.  Every country has its own way of cooking.  I have been often in Germany,  that is our neighbour, and they don't cook in the same way as we do.  Indonesian food is very very good when you give yourself the chance to get used to it.   I will look in my recipe book and find another one, okay???  I have a recipe of a cake, not baked but steamed in a steamingpan.  I dont  know if you people over there know what that is??  You can use a rice steamer.  Those are 2 pans, one for the boiling water, the other one fits in it, it has little holes, like a colander.  To let the steam come in.   Is anybody interested?? Is it possible for you to make it??   Coby.    