Vietnamese Spring Rolls (Cha Gio)
Shallots, PREPARATIONS FOR ASSEMBLING, Ground pork, Carrot Salad, garlic, Cellophane noodles, Onion, Eggs, Peanut oil, crabmeat, FILLING, Tree ears, Black Pepper, dried rice papers, ACCOMPANIMENTS FOR SERVING, Basic Vegetable Platter, Nuoc Cham, 
Here they are!  The incomparable "Cha Gio" or Vietnamese spring rolls.    Yields 80 spring rolls.    Combine the filling ingredients in a bowl and set aside.    Cut a round rice paper sheet into quarters.  Place the cut rice paper  on a flat surface.  With a pastry brush, paint the beaten egg over  the entire surface of each of the pieces.  Before filling, wait for  the egg mixture to take effect, softening the wrappers; this takes  about 2 minutes. When you become adept at this, you can work on  several wrappers at a time.    When the wrapper looks soft and transparent, place about 1 teaspoon of  filling near the curved side, in the shape of a rectangle.  Fold the  sides over to enclose the filling and continue to roll.    After filling all the wrappers, pour the oil into a large frying pan,  put the spring rolls into the cold oil, turn the heat to moderate,  and fry for 20 to 30 minutes, until a lovely golden brown.  (This is  Bachs special method of keeping spring rolls crisp).    To serve the spring rolls, proceed as follows:    Arrange the ingredients for the vegetable platter (lettuce, mint  leaves, coriander, and the cucumber slices) according to the  directions preceding. Have ready the carrot salad and a bowl of nuoc  cham.  Each person has a bowl into which he places a bit of lettuce,  2 or 3 mint leaves, some coriander, and 2 cucumber slices.  Each  person then adds 1 or 2 spring rolls to his bowl, sprinkles with the  nuoc cham, and eats the spring rolls and vegetables together, using  chopsticks or a fork.    Additional carrot salad may be added to taste.    Another very popular serving method calls for placing the vegetables  on a lettuce leaf, adding the spring roll, and rolling it into a  cylinder. Holding the cylinder with his fingers, each diner then dips  it into his own small bowl of nuoc cham.    NOTE:  We have found that frying the spring rolls in peanut oil keeps  them crisper than frying in any other oil.    From "The Classic Cuisine of Vietnam", Bach Ngo and Gloria Zimmerman,  Barrons, 1979.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; March 18 1991.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip