Ceviche
Fish; * see note, Limes **, Salt, Bay Leaves, Hot red chilli -=OR=-, Chilli flakes, Onion; sliced, 1) TAHITI GARNISH =OR, Coconut milk, Garlic clove; fine chopped, Celery or fennel; raw, Sweet potato; cooked/sliced, Hard-boiled eggs, Orange slices, Jalapeno peppers; sliced, Hot peppers; chopped, Spring onion; fine chopped, 2) SIMPLE GARNISH =OR, Tomato; slices, Red/purple onion ;slices, Salading (see note), Olives -=OR=-, Canned Jalapenos; -=OR=-, Sweet red/green pepper, Cilantro; (opt), 3) CHOOSE FROM AMONGST, Avocados; dressed, Sweet peppers; raw or roast, Sweetcorn; cooked -=OR=-, Baby sweetcorn; raw, 
NB * Many fish are suitable for the treatment, but choose for freshness.  Scallops, especially the tiny bay scallops are magnificent. The fish should  be skinned and filleted.    (May also be spelt Seviche or Cebiche) However you choose to spell the  word it should be pronounced se-veech-ee. It is one of the most delicious  ways of eating fish, and also one of the most magical since the fillets are  cooked not by heat, but by the acidity of the lime juice which turns them  just as opaque.    Cut the fish into neat strips or pieces, or, if using large scallops,  slice them across into 2 or 3 discs each. Put them in a refrigerator box,  fitting closely. Remove the fine green peel of the limes with a zester or  swivel bladed peeler and keep for a final decoration. Squeeze the limes.  Sprinkle the fish with salt, tuck in the bay leaves, put the chilli or  chilli flakes on top with the onion. Pour over the lime juice. Cover and  leave in the refrigerator until the fish is completely opaque, turning it  once. This can be as little as 2 hours or as much as 5, depending on the  thickness of the pieces.    The seviche can now be arranged as simply or as grandly as the occasion  demands, once the fish is drained.    1). Since the dish has polynesian origins, try the tahiti style of  covering it with coconut milk, mixed with finely chopped garlic and chopped  spring onions.    2). Arrange it with some greenery, tomato and purple onion rings, with a  few olives. since a bitter contrast is a good idea, use curly endive, or  mix rocket in with other sweeter greenery, or scatter the whole thing with  chopped green coriander (cilantro) leaves. Instead of olives, try sliced  canned jalapeno chillis or some strips of roasted skinned sweet pepper.    3)., Arrange more formally on a large dish with contrasting soft and  crisp vegetables; avocados dressed with an olive oil and lime juice  vinaigrette (those tiny avocados you sometimes see are ideal); slices of  different colour sweet peppers whether raw or roasted and skinned;  different coloured sweetcorn, either the very small ones, or larger ones  cooked and sliced across; celery or fennel; sweet potato, cooked and  sliced; hard boiled egg, a few slices of ornage; sliced jalapeno chillies  or scraps of hotter chillis.    Do not use ALL these things at once, or the fish will be overwhelmed.  Recipe "Jane Grigsons Fish Book" U/l to NCE by Burt Ford 5/98    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Sep 28, 98