Vietnamese Spring Rolls
Peanut or safflower oil, Coriander or parsley; fresh, Cornstarch, Shiitake; dried, Hoisin sauce, Orange juice concentrate;, Cellophane noodles, Soy sauce, Oil; for deep frying, Ginger; fresh; minced, Red pepper; sweet; julienned, Chilli paste; oriental, Peanut butter, Water, Sesame oil, Scallion; minced, Chicken breasts; boneless,, Rice paper triangles (or 16, Garlic, 
Date: Mon, 29 Apr 1996 12:08:26 -0500    From: pickell@cyberspc.mb.ca (S.Pickell)  Cut chicken into 1-1/2 x 1/2 inch strips.  In bowl, blend soy sauce and  hoisin sauces, water, orange juice concentrate, peanut butter, chili paste  and sesame oil until smooth. Stir in cornstarch. Add chicken and stir to  coat; marinate for 15 minutes.    Cover mushrooms with warm water; soak for 15 to 50 minutes or until  softened.  Drain and rinse; discard stems and slice caps into thin strips.    Meanwhile, break noodles into 1-1/2 inch long pieces.  Place in bowl and  cover with water; soak for 5 minutes, then drain.  In saucepan of boiling  water, cook noodles for 5 minutes.  Drain and rinse with cold water; drain  well.    In wok or skillet, heat peanut oil over med-high heat; cook ginger, garlic  and onions for 30 seconds.  Add red pepper and mushrooms; cook for 3  minutes. Add chicken with marinade; cook for 3 to 4 minutes or just until  chicken is no longer pink inside. Stir in noodles and coriander; let cool.    Dip rice papers, one at a time, into warm water to soften; lay out on damp  tea towels in a single layer.  Place about 2 Tbsp filling in centre of each  triangular sheet (or 1/4 cup in each round sheet). Fold up bottom over  filling; fold sides over and roll up tightly.    (Rolls can be covered with damp tea towel in separate layers and refrig-  erated for up to 8 hours)    In wok or Dutch oven, heat oil over med-high heat to 375F.  Fry rolls, in  batches, for about 5 minutes or until crisp and golden on all sides. Drain  on rack. Makes 16 large or 30 small rolls.    Instead of deep-frying, steam spring rolls in greased steamer for 5  minutes, or bake for 20 minutes in 400 degree oven.    Assembled spring rolls can also be eaten without being cooked.    MM-RECIPES@IDISCOVER.NET    MEAL-MASTER RECIPES LISTSERVER    MM-RECIPES DIGEST V3 #120    From the MealMaster recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.