Almost Vegetarian Hot and Sour Soup
Bamboo shoots, Kung pao sauce, Chinese pea pods, Dried Chinese mushrooms;, Cilantro leaves, Rice wine vinegar, Egg substitute, Hoisin sauce, soba noodle, Hot pepper sauce, Tamari soy, Water, Dark sesame oil, bok choy, Potato starch, Bean sprouts, Lowfat chicken broth OR, Firm tofu, Light sesame oil, 
Rinse the pea pods and trim, pulling strings if necessary; leave them  whole. If bok choy is not available, use a combination of celery and napa  cabbage leaves; slice on the bias into bite-sized pieces.    Slice the tofo (bean Curd) cakes into 1/4-inch thick pieces, then carefully  slice again into strips 1 by 1/4-inch (julienned).    Place the broth in a large soup pan; add the bean sprouts, then bamboo  shoots, bok choy, pea pods, and mushrooms. Slowly bring to a gentle boil.  Add the sauces: hoisin, soy and kung pao. Let simmer for 2 to 3 minutes or  until bok choy is wilted and the sprouts have lost their bitter bite. Add a  little cooked soba noodle, if using.    Add the bean curd slivers. And as soon as the soup returns to a boil,  slowly stir in the well-stirred dissolved potato starch. Slowly bring to a  boil again.    Slowly pour in the beaten egg through the gap of a pair of chopsticks or  along the back of a fork, moving the chopsticks or fork in a circular  motion to shirr the egg. Remove at once from heat and cover for 30 seconds  to allow egg to set and the soup will also clear somewhat.    Remove from heat. Add the coriander leaves. Stir gently to mix. Season with  vinegar. Then adjust the sauces: soy, hoisin, or kung pao, to taste. Offer  pepper oil at the table for those who want it hotter.    By KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>    Notes: Recipe was revised for bottled sauces. Quantities are approximate;  to taste and to what is on hand. The technique and the use of potato starch  are ideas from CHINESE COOKING by Yan Kit Martin. Have ingredients prepared  and assembled. This is a variation of an egg drop soup. The boil is also  gentle and steady; never allow the broth to roil.    Recipe by: Hanneman*    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Apr 20,  1998