Almond Praline Cheesecake
Cream cheese; room temp., Sour cream, Vegetable oil, Butter; room temp., Cold water, Vanilla, Whole blanched almonds, Eggs; room temp. & slightly, Sugar, 
Since THE day for sweethearts is coming up I thought maybe Id get us  started on recipes for Valentines Day....from "The Perfect  Cheesecake"....serves 8-10.    1. Place oven rack in center of oven; heat to 350?. Place almonds in single  layer in ungreased shallow baking pan. Bake, shaking pan occasionally, til  almonds are golden, about 6min. Remove almonds from pan; cool completely.    2. Brush a baking sheet very lightly w/ oil; reserve.    3. Combine 1-1/4C of sugar and the water in heavy non aluminum 1-1/2qt pan.  Cook over medium heat til sugar is dissolved. Cover pan; simmer 3min.  Uncover pan. Cook over medium heat, swirling syrup constantly, til it  begins to smell fragrant and to color slightly.    4. Add 1-1/4C of almonds to syrup and stir quickly w/ metal spoon. Continue  cooking, stirring gently once or twice, only til mix is golden. Immediately  pour onto reserved baking sheet; cool praline to room temp.    5. Coat bottom and sides of 8x3" cheesecake (not springform) pan w/ butter.  Refrigerate pan.    6. Cut cream cheese into 1" cubes; place in large mixer bowl. Beat at  medium speed, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, til smooth. Gradually  beat in remaining 1/2C sugar, the sour cream and vanilla. Continue beating,  scraping down sides of bowl as needed, til mix is smooth.    7. Continue beating at medium speed while gradually adding eggs, about 1/4C  at a time, to cheese mix, beating well and scraping down sides of bowl  after each addition.    8. Break cooled praline into small pieces. Grind in small batches in motar  & pestle or food processor til coarsely chopped; fold thoroughly into  cheese mix.    9. Pour batter into prepared pan; spread top smooth. Gently rotate pan  several quarter turns to settle batter.    10. Place pan in 13x9x2" baking dish or pan. Pour hot tap water into dish  til it reaches a level halfway up outside of cheesecake pan. Bake in center  of oven at 350? til center of cake is set and top is light brown, about  1-1/2hours.    11. Remove pan immediately from water; transfer to wire rack away from  drafts. Let cool undisturbed til sides and bottom of pan are completely  cooled to room temp.    12. To unmold, carefully loosen sides of cheesecake w/ sharp thin knife.  Center an inverted serving plate over cheesecake; invert and tap bottom of  pan gently to release cake; remove pan.    13. Refrigerate cake uncovered overnight or at least 8hrs. Cover cake  loosely w/ plastic wrap; refrigerate til serving time.    14. Chop remaining 1/2C almonds. Sprinkle almonds in border around top of  cake. Serve cake cold.  Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by "Dan/Trina D." <itisme@swbell.net> on Feb  07, 1998