Almond Raspberry Torte
Baking Powder, Eggs, Sugar, milk, Seedless red raspberry jam, Seedless red raspberry jam, All-purpose flour, Vanilla, Almond Filling, Salt, almonds, Butter or margarine, Whipping cream, 
I was reading this recipe and it sounded so good that I just had to share  it with you all. This is from the Better Homes & Gardens 75 Years of  All-Time Favorites.    Grease and lightly flour two 9X1 1/2-inch round baking pans. Set pans  aside. For cake, in a large mixing bowl stir together flor, baking powder,  and salt. Set aside. Beat butter or margarine with an electric mixer on  medium speed 30 seconds. Add sugar and vanilla; beat until well mixed. Add  eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add dry mixture and  milk alternately to sugar mixture, beating after each addision (batter may  appear curdled). Spread batter into prepared pans. Bake in a 375 degree  oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until wooden toothpicks inserted in the  centers come out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks for 10 minutes. Remove  cakes from pans. Cool completely on wire racks. Cut cake layers in half  horizontally. Stir the 1/2 cup raspberry jam. To assemble, spread 1 cake  layer with one-third of the Almond Filling, then with 2 rounded tablespoons  of jam. Repeat layering with the cake layers, Almond Filling, and jam 2  more times. Top with the final cake layer. cover cake tightly and  refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight. No more than 1 hour before  serving, beat whipping cream with an electric mixer on low speed until  stiff peaks form (tips stand straight). Spread whipped cream over cake.  Press almonds around the base of the cake. Just before serving, stir the  1/4 cup raspberry jam. Drizzle jam over cake; if desired, swirl with a  knife. Serve immediately. Makes       16    servings.    Almond Filling: In a small mixing bowl crumble one 8-ounce can almond  paste. Add 1/3 cup softened butter or margarine; beat with an electric  mixer on low speed. Add 2 tablespoons milk; beat until smooth.    Nutrition facts per serving: 387 caloriees, 24 g total fat (13 g saturated  fat), 100 mg cholesterol, 239 mg sodium, 39 g carbohydrate, 0 g fiber, 5 g  protein.  Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #186 by Sandra Swinford  <sswinfor@cecasun.utc.edu> on Aug 11, 1997