Almond Triangles From "Beat This!" Cookbook By Ann Hodgman
TOPPING, Vanilla extract, Salt, Slivered almonds, Flour, Heavy cream, Light brown sugar; packed, Unblanched whole almonds;, Unsalted butter, Salt, Sugar, Unsalted butter; cut into 16, Grated orange rind, Mild-tasting honey, 
Preheat oven to 350 F. CRUST (first 5 ingredients) Place the flour,  confectioners sugar and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Blend for  a few seconds. (Keep your hand over the top of the feed tube so the sugar  wont fly away.) Then scatter the butter pieces and vanilla on top of the  flour mixture. Process with on-and-off pulses until the mixture begins to  hold together. Divide the dough into 8 pieces and space them evenly on an  ungreased 10x15-inch baking pan. Dipping your fingertips in flour, pat out  the dough until it covers the pan evenly. Bake the crust in the bottom  third of the oven for 15 minutes. Then take it out, but leave the oven on.  Meanwhile, prepare the topping.    TOPPING (last 9 ingredients) Place the butter, honey, sugars and salt in a  heavy saucepan. Stirring constantly, heat over a medium-low heat until the  butter melts and the mixture is well combined. Raise the heat to medium and  bring the mixture to a boil. Boil, without stirring, for 1 minute. Take the  saucepan off the heat and stir in the cream, all the almonds and orange  rind. Pour this mixture over the bottom crust and stick the pan back in the  oven, still in the bottom third of the oven. Bake the triangles (of course,  theyre not triangles yet!) for 20 minutes at 350 F. Then turn up the heat  to 375 F., transter the pan to the middle of the oven, and bake for another  15 to 20 minutes. The topping should be amber-colored and bubbling all over  before you take it out. Cool the pan on a wire rack. When the topping is  completely cool, use a sharp knife to cut it into 20 squares. Lift the  squares out of the pan and place them on a cutting board before you cut  them into 2 triangles each. Getting triangular bars out of a pan can be an  ugly scene. Store in a tightly covered container. Makes 40 triangles.  Posted to EAT-L Digest  by pat hogberg <p_hogberg@HOTMAIL.COM> on Dec 30,  1997