Amazing Banana Nut Roll
CAKE, Baking Powder, cream cheese, FILLING, cream cheese, cream cheese, Powdered sugar, milk, Sugar, Egg, Sugar, Vanilla, Egg yolks, Egg whites, Baking soda, Sugar, All-purpose flour, Banana, walnuts, Chocolate-flavored syrup, 
Lightly grease a 15x10x1-inch baking pan. Line bottom with waxed paper;  grease paper. Set aside     FOR FILLING: In a small bowl combine cream cheese and sugar; beat with an  electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add whole egg and milk; beat  until combined. Spread in the prepared pan; set aside.     FOR CAKE: In a medium mixing bowl stir together flour, baking powder, and  baking soda; set aside.     In a small mixer bowl beat egg yolks and vanilla on medium speed about 5  minutes or until thick and lemon colored. Gradually add the 1/3 cup sugar,  beating until sugar is dissolved. Stir in banana and nuts.     Thoroughly wash the beaters. In a large mixing bowl beat the egg whites on  medium speed until soft peaks form (tips curl). Gradually add the 1/2 cup  sugar, beating on high speed until stiff peaks form (tips stand straight).     Fold yolk mixture into egg whites. Sprinkle the flour mixture evenly over  egg mixture; fold in just until blended.     Carefully spread the batter evenly over the filling in the pan. Bake in a  375 degree oven for 15-20 minutes or until the cake springs back when  lightly touched.     Immediately loosen the cake from sides of pan and turn out onto a towel  sprinkled with powdered sugar. Carefully peel off paper. Starting with  narrow end, roll up cake using towel as a guide. (Do not roll towel into  cake.) Cool completely on a wire rack.     Spread top with Cream Cheese Frosting #3 (there are other recipes in the  master file, if desired--#3 goes with this recipe). If desired, drizzle  with chocolate syrup. Makes 10 servings.    BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS, OCT 93    From a collection of my mothers (Judy Hosey) recipe box which contained  lots of her favorite recipes, clippings, etc.  Downloaded from Glens MM  Recipe Archive, G Internet.