Venison Osso Buco with Tomatoes, Olives, and Herbs
Carrots; diced, Garlic; minced, Red Chile Flakes, Yellow Onions; sliced, Dry Red Wine, Fennel Seed, Fresh Thyme <<Or>>; minced, Serrano Chile <<Or>>;, Garnish, olive oil, Dried Oregano, Cut "Osso Buco" Style, 2, Kosher salt, Dried thyme, Lemon Zest, All-Purpose Flour For, Fresh Parsley; minced, Center-Cut, Meaty Venison, Nicoise Or Kalamata, Lemon Zest; grated, Fresh Herb Sprigs, Celery; diced, Plum Tomatoes; diced, Fresh Oregano <<Or>>; minced, Garlic; chopped, Rich Venison Or Chicken, Black Pepper, 
Preheat the oven to 350=B0F=20 Dredge the venison shanks in flour and shake  off excess. Season with salt and pepper. In a deep flameproof casserole or  Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil and brown the shanks on all  sides. Remove the shanks, wipe the casserole clean and add the remaining 1  tablespoon oil along with the onions, garlic, celery, and carrots. Saute  until lightly browned. Add the tomatoes, stock, wine, olives and  seasonings. Return the shanks to the casserole, scooping some of the  vegetable mixture on top of them.    Cover the casserole and bake for 2 hours. Uncover and cook 30 minutes more  or until the venison is very tender. Remove the shanks and set aside.    Strain the braising liquid and reserve the vegetables. Degrease the  braising liquid and return it to the casserole. Over high heat, cook the  liquid until reduced to a light sauce consistency. Return the meat and  vegetables to the casserole and heat through. Adjust seasoning with salt  and pepper.    In a small bowl, combine the ingredients for the gremolata.    Serve the venison shanks in wide-rimmed soup bowls and ladle the hot  braising liquid around. Sprinkle with the gremolata and garnish with herb  sprigs.    Yield: 8 servings    Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved    Recipe By     : COOKING RIGHT SHOW #CR9613    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #228    Date: Sat, 28 Sep 1996 04:49:40 -0400    From: billspa@icanect.net (Bill Spalding)    NOTES : *Any oil-cured black olive to your taste may be used -  ~ - ------------- From SUNNY West Palm Beach, FL COFFEE.CUP empty. Operator  halted.