Anco Chili Devils Food Cupcakes with Roasted Macadamias
Buttermilk, Eggs, Cayenne pepper, Ancho chili powder, Hot dark coffee, Unsweetened cocoa powder, Baking Powder, Sugar, Cake flour, Pure vanilla extract, Salt, FOR THE CAKE, Macadamias, Baking soda, FOR THE TOPPING, Semisweet chocolate, Whipping cream, Unsalted butter, 
[Note:  Bobby Flay, chef of NYCs Mesa Grill, prepared this dessert for a  Meals on Wheels benefit meal at the Frontera Grill in Chicago. Blended with  the cocoa and coffee, the chili powder is only mildly hot and adds  something approximating a fruit flavor.]    1.  Heat oven to 375 degrees.  Butter a 9" square cake pan, line the bottom  with parchment or waxed paper and butter the paper.  Measure out cake  flour, cocoa, chili powder, baking soda, salt, baking powder, and cayenne.   Sift them together 3 times. 2. Using an electric mixer with a large bowl,  beat the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Beat in the  eggs, one at a time, and continue beating until mixture is light, fluffy  and almost tripled in volume. 3. Fold 1/3 dry mixture into the butter-egg  mixture, then add 1/2 the buttermilk and 1/2 the coffee. Fold in another  1/3 of the dry mixture then the remaining buttermilk and coffee. Finish  with the remaining dry dry mixture and the vanilla extract. 4. Spread the  batter in the prepared pan.  Bake until cake springs back when touched  lightly (30 - 35 min.).  Then turn out of pan and leave on the rack until  completely cool. 5. Use a 2-1/2 inch cookie cutter to cut rounds from the  cake.  Place the rounds in paper cupcake liners. 6. Make the topping: If  the macadamias are raw, roast them in a 350 degree oven, turning once,  until they just begin to color.  Place the chopped chocolate in a bowl,  heat the whipping cream tii the point of a bowl and pour it over the  chocolate.  Let cool to warm then drizzle it over the cupcakes. Top with  macadamia nuts.    [Note: Ancho chili powder can be made by stemming and seeding whole ancho  chilies and pulverizing them in an electric spice mill or coffee grinder.  The poweder should be available at markets featuring Soutwestern  ingredients or may be ordered by mail from G.B. Ratto & Co., 800-325-3483.]    From Chicago Tribune Magazine 3/23/93. Posted by Bud Cloyd    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdjaxxx.zip