Ambrosia Cheesecake
Apricot nectar, Cream of coconut, White-chocolate pieces, Orange Peel, Vanilla extract, Crushed pineapple, Butter or Margarine, Sugar, assorted fruits, All-purpose flour, almonds, Eggs, Shortening, Cream cheese, Semisweet-chocolate pieces, Flaked coconut, 
Date: Mon, 11 Mar 1996 18:05:38 -0500    From: Wendy Lockman <wlockman@ra1.randomc.com>  Yesterday my girlfriends and I decided to do something special for  ourselves. One took all of our kids to her house to spend the day with her  mother who filled them with pizza and videos videos.  After going to church  in the morning we sat down to what we decided was our fantasy dinner (we  are all on diets of some sort) and ate what we wanted the most. We had a  wonderful time. After that we went to see a male dancer revue. WOW..what a  day..but I have to confess, the food was the best part for all of us. The  menu for the fantasy dinner follows. It was Fantastic. Now we are back to  our diets and reality. They all send a special thanks to all of you who  provided these recipes. (They also told me to keep them to myself from now  on.)    1. Day before serving: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  In medium bowl,  combine coconut, almonds and butter; mix well. Press mixture into bottom of  9-inch springform pan. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Cool.    2. In large bowl of electric mixer, at high speed, beat cream cheese,  sugar, flour, orange peel and vanilla until fluffy. Beat in apricot nectar  and cream of coconut. Beat in eggs, one at a time, until blended. Stir in  pineapple; pour into prepared crust. Bake 1 hour and 10 minutes, or until  set. Cool in pan on wire rack; refrigerate overnight.    3. Just before serving, arrange fruit over top of cake. Stir one teaspoon  melted shortening into each of melted semisweet and white chocolates until  blended. Place each mixture in a separate small pastry bag fitted with  small plain tip; pipe over fruit.    MM-RECIPES@IDISCOVER.NET    MEAL-MASTER RECIPES LIST SERVER    MM-RECIPES DIGEST V3 #72    From the MealMaster recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.