Chile Rellenos Pt 1
Cornstarch, CHILES, Fresh Anaheim or Poblano, Jack cheese or Queso Fresco, Olive oil; to fry in, BATTER, Eggs, White wheat flour, Baking Powder, SAUCE, olive oil, Fresh clove of garlic;, Onion; minced, Canned tomatoes; solid pack, Chicken broth, Salt, Black Pepper, Dried oregano leaves;, 
Preparation Of The Chiles: The chiles should be fresh, firm and shiny.  Avoid buying ones that are dull, soft and wrinkled as they are old and will  be too soft after they have been seared and skinned. The fresher they are  the easier they will skin and handle when stuffing and cooking. The chile  that is used in this country most frequently is the green Anaheim chile but  the traditional chile used by Mexicans is the Poblano chile. This is  frequently called a Pasilla chile in California and is shorter and wider  than the Anaheim. It is also darker in color and the taste is a little  stronger. I also think they are harder to skin than the Anaheim chile, even  when well seared. However, both are mild in flavor and eat and work very  well in this dish.    In order to skin the chiles they must be seared on the outside until they  are black. Ideally you want them just cooked but still firm. In order to do  this you must use a high hot flame or heat and it should be done quickly so  as not to cook the chiles too much. I have used red hot heating elements on  electric stoves, gas burners on gas stoves and hot grease in deep fat  fryers. All of these methods work to one degree or another but the one I  now use all the time is the broiler in an electric oven. Put the broiler on  high broil, place the rack up as high as it will go and cover the broiling  pan with aluminum foil. Before searing the chile wrap the stem with  aluminum foil to prevent it from burning off and make a small slit in each  chile to let the steam that forms escape. Be sure the broiler is very hot  before you start. Place the chiles on the broiler pan and sear on all sides  until black. Remove from the broiler and place in a plastic bag. Seal and  allow to stand for 5 to 6 minutes. When cool enough to handle,(wear rubber  gloves), remove the skin and aluminum foil covering the stem under a light  stream of running water. After peeling the chile make a slit on one side  about 3/4 of the length of the chile and remove the seeds and veins being  careful not to rip the chile. The seeds and veins are what gives the chiles  most of their heat so the better you remove them the more mild they will  be. Drain the chiles on paper towels and then gently wipe them dry. If the  chiles are wet the batter will not stick as well. Some people feel you  should not rinse the chiles under water as it removes the natural oils and  flavors. However, I rinse mine.    To stuff the chile most people use jack cheese. When melted this will  become quite runny and I now like to use the Mexican cheese, Queso Fresco.  I find that it will remain firmer when heated, similar to mozzarella cheese  used on pizzas. Which ever cheese you use, cut it into strips approximately  as long as the chile and about 1/2 inch square. In larger chiles you may  want to use 2 strips of cheese. Place 1 or 2 strips carefully in each chile  and fold the ends of the cut in the chile over each other and set aside .  Continue until all the chiles are stuffed. Place in the refrigerator  uncovered if you are going to use them in the near future and allow to air  dry until ready to cook. ( If you use canned chiles the procedure is the  same except you will not have to sear and peel them.)    Preparing The Batter: For best results the eggs should be at room  temperature as the egg whites will whip up stiffer. Do not make the batter  until you are ready to cook the chiles because if allowed to stand it will  begin to liquify in the bottom of the bowl. When adding the flour to the  egg yolks dont add too much. They should still be shiny and runny enough  that they will fold into the beaten egg whites, yet enough flour is needed  to bind the batter. I use a rough guide of 1 tsp per egg yolk. Sometimes  less and sometimes more. Remember, they have to fold into the egg whites.    In a small bowl mix the flour and baking powder together. Separate the eggs  and beat the yolks, slowly adding the flour mixture. Do not get it too  thick ! In another large bowl beat the whites until stiff. Gently fold the  egg yolk mixture into the whites and blend well but do not flatten the  whites. The batter is now ready and should be light and fluffy.    Cooking The Rellenos: In a large frying pan pour enough olive oil in to  make it about 1/2 to    continued in part 2