Veggie Flavored Pasta - No Egg
OPTIONAL INGREDIENTS, Carrot Puree (for orange), BASIC INGREDIENTS, Water, Preferably durum semolina, Tomato Juice (for red), Beet Puree (for red), Olive oil (optional), Spinach puree (for green), Use one of following only:, Flour, all purpose, 
To make by hand, use a floured pastry cloth, put dry ingredients on cloth,  and make a "well" in the center of flour mixture, add liquid ingredients in  the well, and knead the dough, working the flour to the center as you  knead. After it forms a ball, knead by hand for several minutes. To make  with a food processor, put all ingredients in the bowl. Process for 1  minute until dough begins to form. Adjust liquid or flour if necessary,  continue to knead in the machine for 1-1/2 to 2-1/2 minutes. To make with  bread machine, place ingredients into baking pan. Use the dough cycle,  knead for 1/2 min. Adjust flour and liquid to form a round ball of dough.  Knead for another 5 minutes, then press stop button. IF YOU HAVE A PASTA  MACHINE, CONTINUE ACCORDING TO INSTRUCTIONS. To complete the pasta by hand,  roll the dough into sheets, as thin as it is possible to roll it on a  floured pastry cloth with a rolling pin. Then shape into long thin  spaghetti like strips, or wider for noodles. Cut with a pie crimper for a  fancy edge and twist into bowknots. Use your imagination. Allow to dry a  minimum of 10-20 minutes, or longer, if necessary. It may be dried for  several hours, put into a ziploc bag and refrigerated or frozen. To cook,  drop into boiling water (with a little salt, optional), and cook just until  al dente.  Do not overcook. Serve with your favorite sauce. You can make a  white pasta, leaving out the vegetables, or you can use your imagination,  be creative, and use any number of other veggies. Try green, yellow, red,  purple, orange pepper puree; yellow summer squash or zucchini; winter  squash, pumpkin or sweet potato; broccoli, green beans, vegetarian refried  beans.  The list is endless. Just use approximately one-third cup of the  one you choose.