An Irish Fry - Country Living
Vegetable oil, Eggs, Pork hangers; (Irish, Black Pepper, Irish bacon, Tomatoes, Salt, Potato Pancakes; (recipe, (8-oz) White Breakfast, Fresh thyme sprigs; (opt.), 
Just a few recipes from Country Living I downloaded and wanted to share.    1. Heat oven to 200F. Prepare Potato Pancakes and place on large ovenproof  platter; keep warm in oven while preparing re- maining ingredients,    2. In large skillet, heat just enough oil to thinly coat bottom of skillet  over low heat. Add hangers, arranged in a single layer, and cook, turning  frequently, until browned on all sides. Remove hangers to oven platter with  Potato Pancakes. Add bacon to skillet and fry, turning frequently, until  done. (Irish bacon does not become crispy when cooked; it has the texture  and color of smoked ham.) Remove bacon to platter in oven. Add breakfast  pudding rounds to skillet and cook, turning, until firm and browned on cut  sides; remove to oven platter.    3. Cut tomatoes crosswise in half; sprinkle with 1/8 t salt and 1/8 t  pepper. Fry tomatoes, cut sides down, in skillet until lightly browned (do  not overcook; tomatoes should retain their shape). Remove to oven platter.    4. Just before serving, fry eggs, in batches, sunny-side up or as desired;  transfer to platter and top with remaining salt and ground pepper. Garnish  platter with fresh thyme, if desired, and serve immediately.    Potato Pancakes: In 4-quart saucepan, cover 4 medium baking potatoes with  water and heat to boiling; cover and cook potatoes 25 minutes or until  fork-tender. Drain potatoes and cool until easy to han- dle. Peel potatoes  and mash in bowl with 1/4 C (1/2 stick) butter. Stir in 1/2 C unsifted  all-purpose flour, 1 large egg, 1 T chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 T  chopped fresh chives, 1 t salt, and 1/2 t ground black pepper; mix until  well blended. In large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over  medium heat. Shape potato mixture into twelve 2 1/2-inch patties and fry,  in batches, until golden brown on both sides, adding more oil as necessary.  Serve immediately or keep warm until serving.    Note: Irish bacon, bangers, and puddings may be ordered by mail from  Shannon Traditional, 1443 Palisade Ave., Teaneck, N.J. 07666-3505, or call  (800) 669-0063.    Nutrition information per serving protein: 26 grams; fat: 49 grams;  carbohydrate: 35 grams; fiber: 3 grams; sodium: 1,194 milligrams; choles-  terol: 354 milligrams; calories: 648.    Country Living/March/94 Scanned & fixed by DP & GG    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 649 by GramWag@aol.com on Jan  31, 1998