Ancho Chili Scented Crown Roast of Pork
Ground cumin seed, Garlic cloves, finely, Salt and pepper, Onion; roughly chopped, Celery stalk; roughly, Tomato puree or ketchup, 6 to 7 pound center-cut loin, Rendered pork fat, Flour, Dried Ancho chili peppers,, Hot water until softened,, Worcestershire Sauce, Coarsely ground black pepper, FOR THE PORK, Honey, Hot chicken broth, Good Kentucky Bourbon, Carrot; roughly chopped, Red wine vinegar, Dry white wine, 
Have your butcher tie the pork roast into the traditional crown roast  shape, chine bone removed, split between the ribs to facilitate the  formation of the crown shape. Ask for the chine bone which will be used to  roast the meat on to avoid burning the bottom. In a saucepan over medium  heat combine the pureed Ancho chili, tomato puree, honey, vinegar,  Worcestershire, black pepper, ground cumin and garlic. Bring the  ingredients to a simmer and allow to cook for 20 minutes before rem    oving from the heat and adding the bourbon.    Season the roast with salt and pepper and brush with Ancho marinade. Place  the chine bone in a roasting pan and place the pork roast on the bones:  this will prevent the bottom of the roast from burning. Place the roasting  pan into the oven and cook for 20 minutes before turning the heat down to  350 degrees F. Brush the roast at frequent interva    ls during the cooking process to keep the roast moist as well as perfumed  with the spice mixture. Add the roughly cut vegetables and continue to cook  until the roast reaches    an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Remove the roast from the pan and  allow to stand for 20 minutes before carving.    While the roast is resting make the quick pan gravy by pouring off all of  the rendered pork fat, leaving the rough cut vegetables in the pan. Place  the roasting pan on the stove top, turn the burner on underneath the  roasting pan and continue to cook the vegetables with the chine bone.  Carefully deglaze the pan by adding the wine allowing most o    f the liquid to cook off before adding the hot chicken broth, reducing the  heat to a simmer. Meanwhile in a small saucepan combine the 3 tablespoons  of pork fat with the flour and cook gently to make a light brown r    oux, cooking about 3 to 4 minutes. Using a wire whisk, add the roux to the  simmering stock and whip the ingredients together to avoid lumping. Add any  remaining marinade to the gravy, then cook for 5 minutes before strai    ning through a fine mesh strainer.    Serve the roast, by carving at the table, with the dressing and gravy on  the side.    Yield: 4 to 6 serving  Recipe By     : COOKING LIVE SHOW #CL8762    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #306    Date: Sun, 17 Nov 1996 13:52:27 -0500    From: "Angele and Jon Freeman" <jfreeman@netusa1.net>