Amish Tomato Ketchup
Ground mace, Vinegar, cut in 1/4" thick slices, Dark brown sugar; packed, Cloves, Salt, peeled and diced, Celery seeds, Onions (abt. 2 cups), Tomatoes; quartered, Celery ribs; trimmed, Water, Allspice berries, 
Place the celery, onions and water in a medium-size saucepan over medium  high heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, until  the vegetables are nearly soft, about 25 minutes.    Meanwhile, cook tomatoes in a large heavy nonreactive saucepan over medium  heat, partially covered, until they are very soft and almost a puree, about  25 minutes. Add the cooked celery and onions; continue cooking until the  vegetables are completely softened, about 15 minutes.    Strain tomato mixture in small batches through a sieve into another  nonreactive saucepan, pressing down firmly to extract all of the liquid.  Stir in the vinegar, brown sugar and spices. Place the pan over medium high  heat and bring to a boil.  Continue boiling, stirring often to be sure that  the ketchup isnt sticking to the bottom of the pan, until the mixture  thickens somewhat, 15 to 20 minutes. Allow ketchup to cool, then ladle into  jars.  Cover and refrigerate for up to 2 months. Or ladle the boiling-hot  ketchup into hot sterilized canning jars. Seal according to the lid  manufacturers instructions.    Yield: 1 1/2 pints.    Loomis writes:  "This sweet ketchup comes from Mary Linebach, who owns and  runs a produce auction with her [Mennonite] husband, Paul, in Shippensburg,  Pennsylvania."  [Mary describes the ketchup by saying]: The children love  it on pancakes...Its sweeter than store-bought and not as tangy...    "The ketchup is good on morning hotcakes (an Amish custom) as it is on  Cheddar cheese sandwiches, as a dip for fresh vegetables or freshly baked  bread, and as a condiment with roast or fried meat or poultry. And it has  one distinct advantage over the most popular store-bought brand: You wont  have any trouble getting it out of the bottle, because its not thick."    From _Farm House Cookbook_ by Susan Herrmann Loomis. New York: Workman  Publishing Company, Inc., 1991.  Pp. 334-336. ISBN 0-89480-772-2. Typed for  you by Cathy Harned.    