Veggies in the Hole
1% low-fat milk, Vegetable broth, low salt, Peas, or other green, Onion gravy mix, Potatoes, cook, mash with, Mushrooms, chopped, Olive oil spray, Coffee, mixed with, BATTER, Cornstarch, 1% low-fat milk, Carrot, Canola oil, Sweet onion, sliced into, SIDE DISHES, Egg Beaters? 99% egg, Butter, OR, Red bell pepper, tiny dice, Zucchini, Salt, Garlic clove, sliced,, Parsnip, Flour, rounded, Pesto sauce, your choice, 
Preheat oven to 425F / 220 C (gas 7). Cut the zucchini, parsnip, carrot  into sticks or 1/3" julienne. Spray a four-cup Yorkshire pudding tin and  place in the oven for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from oven and distribute the  vegetables in the cups. Return to oven and bake about 10 to 12 mins.  Meanwhile, make the batter and beat until very smooth. Pour batter over the  roasted vegetables and bake for 15 mins.    Onion gravy: Meanwhile, make an onion gravy from a mix or use the  ingredients listed. --[Saute the onion in the oil until carmelized or  nicely browned. Add mushroon and cook 1 min then add the broth and any  other seasoning you would like to deepen the flavor: a little black bean  sauce, or soy, or Worchestershire, or dried onion, etc. Add the diced red  pepper for color. Then thicken with as much of the coffee-cornstarch  mixture as needed.]-- Keep warm.    Whip up some potatoes. Cook peas.    Serving: Place the pan cake downside up to show off the browned vegetables.  Mound potatoes along side. Top both with gravy. Spoon some peas into the  remaining wedge of space on the plate and serve at once. One third has  about 463 cals, 10.4 g fat, or 19.8% cff (MC3).    Tips * If there are too many vegetables to be browned by the tin, dice the  leftover and mix with the gravy. * If the pancakes are thicker than about  3/4", then increase the oven temperature to 450F and cook for the required  time. * Or adjust the time, but do not increase oven higher than 450F.    Sent to members of eat-lf 12 Ap 1997 by patH (phannema@wizard.ucr.edu)    NOTES : The goal is to bake a "pancake" about 3-1/2 inches across and 1/2"  deep; or adjust the baking time.  The recipe recommends a Yorkshire pudding  tin. But individual casseroes might be used.  We tested the recipe with a  six-cup "Texas muffin" tin. The batter was stretched to fill all six cups.  We chose a vegetable pesto (sun dried tomato) over the usual herby one  (basil).  Recipe by: BBC Vegetarian Magazine: Good Food March 1997 Posted to Digest  eat-lf.v097.n098 by PATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Apr 12, 1997