Amore-The Italiano Love Cake
Salt, Egg whites; (1 1/2 cups), Almond extract, (6 oz.) semisweet chocolate, Heavy cream, Chocolate ice cream;, Cream of tartar, Amaretto, Powdered sugar; sifted, Pistachio ice cream;, Vanilla extract, FILLING AND TOPPING, CAKE, Cake flour, Granulated sugar, 
1. Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 F.    2. To make the cake, combine the powdered sugar and cake flour.    3. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on high speed, beat the egg  whites, cream of tartar, vanilla extract, almond extract, and salt until  well mixed and soft peaks form. Beat in the sugar, a little at a time , and  beat until stiff but not dry. With a rubber spatula, fold in the dry  ingredients until the flour is just incorporated. Pour the mixture into an  ungreased 10-inch tube pan, shaking the pan lightly.    4. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the top springs back when touched  and is golden brown. Invert the pan onto a bottle or funnel and cool  completely.    5. To assemble, using a serrated knife, cut the cake into three layers.  Sprinkle each layer with some of the amaretto. Place one layer on a serving  plate. Spread the pistachio ice cream on the bottom layer and top with the  second layer. Spread the chocolate ice cream on the second layer and top  with the third layer. Freeze the cake for 20 to 30 minutes, or until set.    6. Meanwhile, to make the topping, in a chilled bowl, using an electric  mixer on medium speed, beat the heavy cream and the remaining amaretto  until it forms soft peaks. Spread on the top and sides of the cake. Return  to the freezer.    7. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, over low heat, melt the chocolate chips,  stirring until smooth.. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Pour the  melted chocolate onto the prepared pan, spreading it 1/4 inch thick. Let  chocolate set for 15 minutes. Using an oiled heart shaped cookie cutter,  cut out hearts. Place them on top of the cake. Keep cake in the freezer  until ready to serve.  My notes: This was absolutely wonderful, however next time I am going to  start with a boxed angel food cake mix. Also I had to let the chocolate set  more than 15 minutes before I could cut it, I guess my house was too warm.  And now that soda pop no longer comes in bottles and funnels are mostly  plastice, I had a very hard time finding somewhere to invert the cake,  finally I just used the full amaretto bottle. The source for this recipe  is: 1001* Chocolate Treats by Gregg R. Gillespie    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Sarah Navarro" <sarahn@lightspeed.net> on Feb  22, 1998