Chicken Mole Enchiladas
Dried ancho chiles, Dried mulato chiles, Dried pasilla chiles, Water, almonds, Unsalted pumpkinseed kernels, Sesame seeds, Vegetable cooking spray, Onions, Garlic, Ground cinnamon, Ground cumin, Ground cloves, Corn tortilla, Low-salt chicken broth, No-salt-added whole, Salt, Semisweet chocolate, Corn tortillas, chicken, Monterey Jack, onions, lettuce, 
Remove stems and seeds from chiles.    Combine chiles and water in a medium saucepan, and bring to a boil; remove  from heat. Cover and let stand 1 hour. Drain and set aside.    Combine almonds and pumpkinseed kernels in a small skillet over medium  heat. Cook for 5 minutes or until lightly browned, shaking skillet  frequently. Remove from skillet, and set aside.    Add sesame seeds to skillet, and place over medium heat; cook 2 minutes or  until lightly browned, shaking skillet frequently. Remove from skillet, and  set aside.    Coat a medium nonstick skillet with cooking spray, and place over medium  heat until hot. Add onion and garlic, and saute 5 minutes or until tender.  Add cinnamon, cumin, and cloves, and cook for 1 minute, stirring  constantly. Set aside.    Place almonds, pumpkinseed kernels, and sesame seeds in a food processor,  and process until finely ground. Add tortilla pieces, and process until  finely ground. Add chiles, onion mixture, chicken broth, and tomatoes, and  process until smooth.    Pour mixture into a medium nonstick skillet. Add salt and chocolate, and  cook over low heat 5 minutes or until chocolate melts, stirring frequently.  Set mole aside.    Wrap 12 corn tortillas first in damp paper towels and then in aluminum  foil; bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes or until softened. Spread 1  tablespoon mole over each tortilla; top each with 1/4 cup shredded chicken,  and rollup. Place filled tortillas in a 13 x 9-inch baking dish. Cover and  bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes. Yield: 6 servings.  NOTES : Top with sliced onions, shredded lettuce, and sliced radishes, if  desired. To serve, arrange 2 enchiladas on each of 6 serving plates; spoon  1/4 cup mole over each serving, and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon cheese.    Recipe by: Cooking Light, October 1994, page 76    Posted to MasterCook Digest by "Christopher E. Eaves" <cea260@airmail.net>  on Sep 14, 1998, 