Ancho Chile Devils Food Cupcakes with Mango Ice Cream Pt 1
Cake flour, Unsalted butter, Semi-sweet chocolate, Fresh mango, mangoes, Baking Powder, coffee, brewed, milk, Granulated sugar, Ancho chile powder, Granulated sugar, Salt, MANGO ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE FROSTING, Baking soda, Vanilla extract, Heavy cream, Heavy cream, GARNISH, Cayenne pepper, DEVILS FOOD CUPCAKES, Unsweetened, nonalkalized ?, macadamia nuts, Eggs, Buttermilk, Egg yolks, 
DIFFICULTY: ** PREPARATION: 1 1/2 hours plus baking, cooling, chilling and  freezing times. (Allow the ice cream to freeze overnight.) Recipe From:  Chocolatier Magazine Special equipment: Two 6-cup jumbo muffin pans, cups 3      1/2 x  1 3/4 inches    NOTE: Los Chileros de Nuevo Mexico brand, available at specialty food  stores    Make the mango ice cream base:    1.In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and 3/4 cup of the sugar  until blended.    2.In a heavy, large non-corrosive saucepan, bring the milk, cream and 1  tablespoon of the remaining sugar to a gentle boil. Remove the saucepan  from the heat. Gradually whisk about 1 cup of the hot milk and cream  mixture into the beaten egg yolks until blended. Return this mixture to the  saucepan. Continue cooking over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a  flat-edged wooden spoon, for 2 to 4 minutes, or until the custard has  thickened slightly. It is done when you can run your finger down the back  of the custard-coated spoon and a path remains for several seconds. Do not  let the custard come to a boil.    3.Remove the custard from the heat and strain through a sieve into a  stainless steel bowl. Place the bowl over a larger bowl of ice water and  stir the custard for 5 to 10 minutes, or until cool. Remove the bowl of  custard from the bowl of ice water. Cover the surface of the custard with  plastic and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight, until very cold.    4.Peel the mangoes and cut the flesh away from the seeds. Put the fruit and  the remaining 3 tablespoons of sugar into the bowl of a food processor,  fitted with the metal chopping blade, and pur?e until smooth. Store in the  refrigerator until ready to use.    Freeze the mango ice cream:    1.Scrape the chilled ice cream base mixture into the container of an ice  cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions, adding  the chilled mango pur?e for the final minute of churning. Transfer the ice  cream to a storage bowl or container and smooth the top. Cover the surface  with plastic wrap and cover the bowl tightly with aluminum foil. Freeze the  ice cream overnight.    Make the cupcakes:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.  Brush the inside of two 6-cup jumbo muffin pans with butter.    2.Measure the first seven dry ingredients and sift together into a bowl.  Sift again into another bowl, or onto a piece of parchment or wax paper.    3.In a 4 1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer, using the wire whip  attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium speed until it appears  light and fluffy, about one minute. Add the eggs, one by one, stopping to  scrape down the side of the bowl if necessary. Continue beating for 23 more  minutes or until the mixture has tripled in volume. Transfer the mixture  into a large bowl.    4.Fold one third of the flour mixture into the butter-egg mixture. Add half  of the buttermilk and half of the coffee and combine well. Repeat,    continued in part 2