Veggie Broth (Stock)
Leeks, Garlic, Carrots, Lemon grass (opt), Fresh or dried herbs (thyme,, Mushrooms, Inches, Apple, Dill, allspice), Peppercorns, Celery, Onions, Parsely, Water to cover by two, Peelings & tired old, Vegetables, Ginger, 
Cut in big chunks (maybe quarters) a couple onions, leeks, several carrots,  some celery ribs and an apple. Toss them with several cloves of garlic,  some mushrooms (old, shriveled ones are the best), a few slices of fresh  ginger (peel and all), lemon grass is good if you have it and a couple  sprays of pam. Roast all this is 500 degree oven for about 20 minutes until  very brown. (This kind of carmelizes them, and they develop a sweetness).    After roasting, put them in a stockpot, and add all the peelings and  trimmings youve saved up. plus any veggies youve had around long enough  theyre beginning to look a little tired. (Or fresh ones, too!) A bunch of  parsely is nice, peppercorns, sprigs of dried or fresh herbs (thyme is  especially good), maybe some dill seeds, a couple of whole allspices, and  enough water to cover everything by 2 inches.    Bring to a boil, simmer for 20-30 minutes (Ive let it go a lot longer,  too), fish out the vegies, strain, and you have great stock for soup,  sauteeing, cooking pasta or rice and whatever else.    The great thing about this, is the recipe really doesnt matter, just the  main principles. Use whatever vegies youve got and like (or get rid of  some you dont). The roasting and the apple (or pear) seem to be key. The  rest is pure invention.    Source: Im very enthusiastic about vegetable stock. Ive been making mt  own for several years, now and I think its great. I got a couple of ideas  from the owner of a Seattle restaunt called Dahlia.    Posted by jschafer@medio.net (Jerry Schafer) to the Fatfree Digest [Volume       16    Issue 21] Mar. 25, 1995.    Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe collections  copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen  Mintzias, km@salata.com.    1.80?    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/fatfreex.zip