Very Spicy Delicious Chickpeas
Vegetable oil, Lemon juice, Garlic, Ground cayenne pepper, chickpeas, Ground amchoor, Ground cumin seeds, Ground turmeric, Garam masala, tomatoes, fresh, Salt, Ground roasted cumin seeds, Kashmiri red pepper, Fresh hot green chili, Onions, Ground coriander seeds, Fresh ginger, juice & pulp of 1 small lime, 
This dish, a staple street food of the bazaars of Old Delhi, is wonderfully  tart and hot.  It requires two similar spice blends, one added to the  browned onions and garlic, the other toward the end of the cooking time.  Amchoor (powdered green mango) lends a haunting sourness. If you cant find  this ingredient, substitute the juice and pulp of a small lime (the dish is  also delicious without either). You may use Hungarian paprika as a  substitute for Kashmiri red pepper; either will give color but no heat.    These spicy chickpeas can be made up to two days ahead of time. In fact,  their flavor improves if they are left, refrigerated, for at least 24  hours.    DIRECTIONS: =========== Heat the oil in a wide pot over a medium flame.  When hot, put in the minced onions and garlic. Stir and fry until the  mixture is a rich medium brown shade. Turn heat to medium low and add the  coriander, cumin, (NOT the roasted cumin), cayenne, and turmeric. Stir for  a few seconds.  Now put in the finely chopped tomatoes. Stir for a few  seconds.  Now put in the finely chopped tomatoes. Stir and fry until the  tomatoes are well amalgamated with the spice mixture and brown lightly. Add  the drained chickpeas and 1 cup water. Stir. Add the ground roasted cumin,  amchoor, red pepper, garam masala, salt, and lemon juice. Stir again.  Cover, turn heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove cover and add  the minced green chili and grated ginger. Stir and cook, uncovered, for  another 30 seconds.    * Source: World-of-the-East Vegetarian Cooking - by Madhur Jaffrey *  Published in: The Herb Companion - February/March 1993 * Typed for you by  Karen Mintzias    