Venison Vindaloo
Corn oil or canola oil, COOKING SAUCE, Thinly sliced onions, Hot red pepper, Fresh chopped ginger, Onion; peeled and quartered, Garlic, Cumin seeds, Turmeric, Sweet paprika, Kosher salt, Ground cinnamon, Vinegar (use white or cider), Ground clove, Venison from shoulder; rump, MARINADE, Black mustard seeds, Corn oil or canola oil, 1-inch ball of tamarind pulp, 
This should serve six people. Use about 1 & 1/2 pounds of venison from  shoulder, rump or leg cut into 3/4 inch cubes.    To prepare marinade: Heat small frying pan over medium heat. Add cumin and  mustard seeds, roasting them, stirring constantly for about 3 minutes. The  cumin seeds will darken and the mustard seeds gray. Place in a small bowl  and allow to cool for a bit. Using a coffee grinder reserved for the  purpose, grind the spices to a fine dust. Set aside. Put onion, garlic,  ginger, vinegar and oil into a food processor. Process until the contents  make a pasty puree. Put the venison into a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add  the ground cumin and mustard seeds, pureed mix, cinnamon, and clove. Coat  the venison chunks well with this and marinate from 8 hours to 48 hours.  The longer you can marinate it, the better. Keep the meat in the  refrigerator while marinating.    Cooking Sauce: To prepare cooking sauce: Put the tamarind pulp into a bowl  and 1 & 1/4 cups boiling water. Let the pulp soak for 15 minutes. Mash the  pulp with the back of spoon. Strain the liquid, squeezing the pulp as much  as possible, into another small bowl. Set aside. Discard the stringy fiber.    Preparation    1. Heat the oil over medium heat. Add onions and stir constantly to prevent  burning. Fry the onions until they turn caramel brown, about 12 minutes,  stirring all the while to keep them from burning. 2. Lower the heat to  medium, add the turmeric, red pepper and paprika. When the spices start to  sizzle and darken (about 15 seconds), add the venison (reserving the  marinade) and fry until the meat is slightly seared and the oil begins to  separate from the gravy (about 10 minutes). Add the tamarind juice, salt  and any remaining marinade, and bring to a boil. lower heat and cook,  partly covered, until meat is thoroughly cooked and fork tender (about 40  minutes). Taste for seasoning. Serve. 3. This dish freezes well and  improves in time. Serve with rice.    Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #176 by Charles Demas <demas@tiac.net> on  Oct 28, 1997