Chicken with Lemon Mustard Sauce(Senegal)
Chicken; (3 1/4 to 4, Cloves garlic; peeled, Scotch bonnet chiles*; (up, Salt, Black Pepper, Vegetable oil, FOR THE LEMON MUSTARD SAUCE, Onion; finely chopped (about, Bay leaf, Scotch bonnet chile; ( up to, FOR THE CHICKEN AND SPICE PA, Grainy French mustard, Vegetable oil, Fresh Lemon Juice, Green olives; pitted and, 
Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste    Rinse the chicken pieces under cold running water, then drain and blot dry  with paper towels. Make 1 or 2 deep slashes, to the bone, in each piece,  then place in a non- reactive baking dish large enough to hold the pieces  in a single layer. Set aside while you prepare the spice paste.    Combine the garlic, chiles, salt, and pepper in a mortar and pound to a  paste with the pestle, then work in the oil; or combine the oil with the  other ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. Using your  fingers, stuff half the spice paste into the slashes in each piece of  chicken, then spread the remainder over the skin. Cover and let marinate,  in the refrigerator, for 2 to 12 hours (the longer the better).    *For a milder marinade and sauce, seed the hot chilies.    Preheat the grill, using the two-tiered method .....Spread one third of the  coals in a single layer over one side of the grill, the other tow thirds in  a double layer on the other side. Leave a small portion of the grill free  of coals. This arrangement gives you a super hot heat source for searing, a  moderately hot heat source for cooking, and a warm spot for keeping cooked  foods warm. You control the heat by moving the food from one area to the  other.    Meanwhile, prepare the sauce. Select a heavy nonreactive saucepan or  flameproof casserole large enough to hold the chicken and in it combine the  onion, mustard, oil, lemon juice, olives, bay leaf, chile, and salt and  pepper. Stir well to mix and bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce  the heat to low. Simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently, until the onion is  soft and the sauce is thick and creamy and the oil has started to separate  out, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and taste for seasoning, adding  salt and pepper to taste. Discard the bay leaf and chile. Set the sauce  aside, covered.    When ready to cook the chicken, oil the grill grate. Arrange the chicken  pieces, skin side down, on the grate over the hotter section of the grill.  Cook until the skin starts to brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Move the pieces to the  cooler section of the grill and contunue grilling until the skin is more  thoroughly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Move pieces away from flare ups. Turn  the pieces and move them back to the hotter section of the grill. Brown the  second side well, 3 to 5 minutes,, then move the pieces back to the cooler  side to finish cooking. The total cooking time will be 16 to 24 minutes.  When ready, the chicken will be crisp and golden brown outside and the  juices will run clear when the meat is pierced.    Transfer the chicken to the saucepan with the sauce and bring to a simmer  over low heat, spooning the sauce over the chicken to coat. Cover and cook  until the chicken is well flavored by the sauce, 4 to 5 minutes.    Transfer the chicken pieces to serving plates or a platter, spoon the sauce  over; and serve.    Busted by JoAnn Pellegrino 8/98 NOTES  : Method: Direct Grilling. I first encountered this dish at a Sengalese  restaurant in Washington, D.C. It was a fairly mild version of a dish that  can be quite fiery, flavored as it traditionally is with the African  equivalent of a scotch bonnet chile. The recipe is unusual by Western  barbecue standards, but quite typical of Africa, in that the meat is  grilled first, then simmered in sauce.    Recipe by: Barbecue! The Bible/S Raichlen    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by J Pellegrino <gigimfg@ix.netcom.com> on Aug  31, 1998, 