An Unknown Grandmas "Chicken n Dumplins (
Salt, FOR THE DUMPLING DOUGH, Water, Cream, chicken, Onion, Carrot, Flour, salt and pepper, Celery with leaves, Egg, 
Recipe by: Posted to RFC Preparation Time: 0:30 First, cut the chicken in  half. Right down the middle. Makes it easier to cook. In fact, I cut the  halves in half. If you want you can just get a couple packages of your  favorite chicken parts (more expensive than a whole chicken, however). Wash  chicken good under running water. Put chicken into a stewing pot with  enough water to cover the chicken about two inches. Bring it to a boil,  reduce the heat, and let it simmer until done, about 30 minutes. While its  cooking, every once in a while skim the foam off the top of the water with  a spoon and sling it into the sink, then turn the chicken in the pot once  in a while. While its cooking, make the dumplings. Mix flour, salt,  shortening. Crumble it in your hands until it looks like flour "bee-bees".  Add egg and water and mix it well. Pat it into a big circle, dust it with  flour, and roll it out to about 1/8-inch thickness Let it rest 15 minutes.  By now the chicken should be done. Remove the onion, celery stalk and  carrot pieces & discard. Take it out of the pot and let it cool until you  can handle it. Remove the meat from the chicken and discard all the skin,  bones and some unknown stuff. Chop the meat into bite-sized pieces. Bring  the broth back to a boil. Cut the dumplings into strips about 1-inch wide  (I use a pizza cutter to do this). Pick up the strips one at a time and  pinch off pieces and drop them into the boiling broth. Every so often, stop  and stir to make sure theyre not sticking together (I use a wooden spoon  to do this). When all the dumplings are in the broth, let the whole thing  cook about five more minutes, then test a dumpling to see if it has the  texture you want. It should be done by now, but if the dumpling is still  raw in the middle, let it all cook a little longer. Finally, add about  half-teaspoon of salt and taste to see if it needs more. Now add the cream  or milk and dump the chicken back into the bowl and dust it with black  pepper.    "Okay, Edward, pay attention. Youre going to get some posts for dumpling  recipes that have BAKING POWDER in them. Youre going to IGNORE those,  right? Youre from Auburn, right? Auburn is the 51st state, right? Auburn  was one of the states that seceded from the Union, right? And whats the  definition of the Union? "A bunch of states where people put baking powder  in flour and call it dumplings." Thats the definition of the Union. Well,  if it has baking powder in it, it aint dumplings, its biscuits, and the  dish aint "chicken n dumplins", its "Chicken Flavored Number of notes  exported: 6  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1056 by "M. Hicks" <nitro_ii@email.msn.com>  on Jan 29, 1998