Chili Chicken (Nepali Spiced Grilled Chicken Saut?ed in Tom
Cumin Powder, Coriander Powder, Black Pepper, Salt to taste, Tomatoes, Chicken broth, Green Onion, Cumin seeds, Peppercorns, Timur, Fresh Red Chilies, Mustard Oil, Salt to taste, INGREDIENTS, Chicken Breasts; skin and bone, Mustard Oil, Dry whole Red Peppers, Turmeric, Onions, Garlic, Fresh Ginger, MARINADE, Plain yogurt, Lemon juice, Onions, Red Chilies, 
Complete title: Chili Chicken (Nepali Spiced Grilled Chicken sauteed in  Tomato-Chili Sauce)    At the end of each month, The Cook & Kitchen Staff selects some of the best  recipes sent to Recipe-a-Day during that month, and posts them to the  entire membership. Todays offering is from a Recipe-a-Day member in  Missouri who sent a lovely collection of Nepali cookery our way.    In a blender combine yogurt, lemon juice, onions, cumin seeds, peppercorns,  timur, red chilies, mustard oil, and salt. Blend to form a smooth paste.  Pour the marinating paste over the chicken in a large bowl. Mix well,  cover, and let marinate for at least four hours.    Grill the marinated chicken on a charcoal grill, occasionally turning until  cooked through, about 7 minutes. Cut grilled chicken into 1-inch strips.    In a sauce pan over medium heat, warm 2 tablespoons of mustard oil. Fry dry  whole red peppers until dark. Add turmeric and stir for 15 seconds. Add  onions, and saute over medium heat until brown. Add garlic, ginger, red  chilies, cumin, coriander, black pepper, and salt to the onion mixture.  saute for 30 seconds, then add tomatoes and chicken broth.    Reduce the heat to simmer and let the tomato-onion mixture cook for about       10    minutes, until thickened.    Transfer grilled chicken strips to the sauce; stir well. Cook for another  10 minutes to evaporate excess liquid so that the chicken pieces are coated  with the sauce. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Garnish with green  onions. Serve with rice, or roti.    Kitchen Staff Tips: Roti is a flat, round, whole-wheat bread and is  traditionally served with curries. It can accompany every meal and can be  eaten alone or as a side dish. Roti can be wrapped around meat or vegetable  dishes or they can be torn off with the fingers and dipped. If you have a  ethnic grocery featuring Indian cookery, we recommend you pick up some Roti  because it makes a fantastic service with todays recipe.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 28, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.