Chickpea Flour Country Bread (Besan Roti)
FLATBREADS & FLAVORS, Onions, Cumin seed, Flour, chickpea, Salt, Vegetable oil, Water, Flour, atta, 
Combine onion and cumin seed in food processor and process until onion is  very finely chopped.  Add chickpea flour, salt, and oil, and process 25-30  seconds.  With motor running, add water, a little at a time. Let batter  rest for 15 minutes in processor.    Add flour and process until dough has formed.  Process another 45 seconds,  and turn hard sticky dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead briefly  until smooth.  Divide dough into 1 piece per roti.  Pat each piece between  well-floured palms to a disc 3-4" in diameter. Set aside; do not stack.  Cover with plastic wrap and let rest 20-30 minutes.    Place quarry tiles or baking sheets on bottom rack of oven, leaving a 1"  gap between tiles and oven walls.  Preheat oven to 450 F.  Begin rolling  out breads.  Roll each into a thin round approximately 8" in diameter. Roll  firmly but carefully, as dough tears easily.  Flour your rolling pin as  needed.  Roll out as many breads as you can fit in your oven at one time.  Place breads on hot tiles or baking sheets. Bake 2 minutes, until tiny  bubbles rise across entire surface of bread and it is pale yellow in color;  bottom should be flecked with brown. Remove breads and wrap in towel to  keep warm while you bake remaining breads.    Authors comments: This thin, pale-yellow bread, flavored with chopped  onion and cumin seed, is at its best with served with a curry and a cool  raita.  As with many cornmeal and other non-wheat-flour breads, be sure to  let the chickpea batter sit 15-20 minutes before adding wheat flour and  beginning to work batter into a dough, so the chickpea flour can fully  absorb water.  This dough is best made in a food processor. The breads are  best served warm.    Nutritional information per serving:  xx calories, x.x gm protein, xx mg  cholesterol, xx gm carbohydrate,  xx mg sodium, x.x gm fiber, x.x gm fat,  x.x mg iron, xx mg calcium, xx% of calories from fat.    Tyops courtesy of Sylvia Steiger, SylviaRN (at) CompuServe (dot) com    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Sep 28, 98