Chicken in a Clay Pot
MARINADE, Garlic, Coarse salt, Black Pepper, TO COOK, Chicken *, Corn oil, New potatoes, Red wine vinegar;**, olive oil, Salt, Bay Leaves, Dried thyme, Dried Marjoram, Chiles serranos, 
NB * If the wine vinegar is very acid, use 1/3 vinegar, 1/3 wine & 1/3  water. We make our own and it would have been too acid otherwise. IMH    SC Writes "Hey++just found this one in a Cookbook Digest. It might work  well in the Romertopf. Or the Chinese sandy pots for that matter.    The traditional way to prepare this chicken dish from Michoacan, is in a  clay casserole dish covered with a sealing layer of ground corn or masa.  Small bits of the corn mixture break off and add a thickening texture to  the sauce.  This modern version is much simpler to prepare."    We wanted to try this in a Romertopf as SC suggests. But because a  Romertopf cannot be heated on top of the stove, and must be put into a cold  oven we cooked the dish as follows.    Mix together the dry marinade ingredients. The garlic does not need to be  crushed finely, just smashed with the side of a large heavy bladed knife.  After jointing the chicken into 7 pieces plus the carcase into 2 or 4, roll  it in the marinade and leave 2 - 4 hours - in a refrigerator if the kitchen  is warm.    In a large skillet, heat the corn oil, saute the chicken (including the  pieces of carcase) briefly and transfer to a cazuela or large pot (or  romertopf, which you have just rinsed, as usual).   In the same oil, lightly brown the potatoes, remove, and set aside.  Carefully pour off any excess oil, making sure any bits stay in the skillet  for the next stage.   Add the vinegar to the skillet and bring to a boil, scraping up browned  bits from the bottom. Pour the vinegar through a strainer over the chicken.    Add the olive oil, salt, bay leaves, thyme, and marjoram to the chicken  in the clay pot (romertopf). Cover, and place in a cold oven which you  immediately start heating to 200C, 400F. After 1/2 hour, remove from the  oven, stir all together to make sure the chicken is well coated with  juices, cover again and put back in the oven. Cook a further 1/4 hour then  remove, uncover, stir in the potatoes and optional chiles, recover and  replace. Cook for a further 45 minutes, without opening the pot.    To serve. Tip off excess oil, and remove the carcase pieces, which have  done their job, Cover again and bring to table.    From "Mexico the Beautiful" (Collins Publishers, $45.)    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 22 1992. ... D/L from: Sal    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Nov 08, 98