Vermicelli Alla Sangiovannello (Midsummer Eves Pasta)
Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Garlic clove, chopped, Salted anchovies or 6, Salt to taste, Fresh red ripe tomatoes,, Black Pepper, Pitted and chopped black or, Crushed red pepper flakes, Capers, Spaghetti, vermicelli, or, Dried hot red chile pepper, Finely chopped flat-leaf, 
If you are using salted anchovies, rinse them thoroughly under running  water and strip away their bones. Then chop them coarsely. (If you are  using oil-packed anchovy fillets, simply chop them.)    In a large saucepan over medium-low heat, gently sweat the garlic in the  oil. When the garlic is soft, add the anchovies and cook, stirring with a  fork and pressing the anchovies to dissolve them in the oil.    Add the chopped tomatoes and cook just long enough to soften them and  release their juices. Add black pepper and, if you wish, the pepper flakes,  and cook a few minutes more to blend the flavors. Stir in any of or all of  the other possible ingredients -- capers, olives, and parsley, reserving a  little parsley for a garnish.    Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a rolling boil. Drop in the  pasta and cook until almost done -- about 10 minutes. Drain the pasta and  turn it into the pan with the sauce. Stir to mix well and let the pasta  finish cooking in the sauce, another 2 minutes. Turn into a heated serving  bowl, garnish with parsley, and serve immediately.    In years past, on the night of June 24, the Feast of St. John or San  Giovanni, true Baresi celebrated midsummers eve by taking their tables  outside and dining in the streets or on overhanging balconies from which  they could call to each other and carry on conversations and flirtations.  "True" Baresi are denizens of the old town, living in the crowded warren of  narrow streets and alleys and overarching white-washed walls that still  curls like a North African medina around the harbors edge beside the  beautiful twelfth-century church of the citys protector, St. Nicholas of  Nyra, now of Bari. (Even among themselves, the Baresi have a reputation for  thievery so its not at all surprising that they seem to have entered  Christian history in the year 1087, when a group of Barese businessmen of  the time stole into the Greek city of Myra on Turkeys Agean coast and made  off with the relics of the local saint, Nicholas, whom they later set up as  the patron of Bari. And, yes, he was the original Santa Claus.)    On this, the longest (or almost) night of the year, the traditional dish  served is vermicelli, spaghetti, or penne with a simple sauce of oil,  garlic, anchovies, and tomatoes. Some add capers, some hot chile peppers  and parsley, some olives, either black or green, but the basic idea is a  quick, fresh, simple dish that celebrates the flavors of summer.    Excerpted from FLAVORS OF PUGLIA, by Nancy Harmon Jenkins. Copyright ? 1997  by Nancy Harmon Jenkins. Excerpted by permission of Broadway Books, a  division of the Bantam Doubleday Dell Publishing Group, Inc. All rights  reserved.    Recipe by: FLAVORS OF PUGLIA, by Nancy Harmon Jenkins Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #667 by Rooby <MsRooby@sprintmail.com> on Jul 12, 1997