Vegetable and Rice Stuffed Pumpkin (Vegan)
Walnuts, broken but not too, Cinnamon, Un-sulfured apricots,, White onion, chopped, Mace, Pumpkin (14 or 15 inches in, (or any tart apple), Tamari sauce, Sugar, Granny Smith apple, chopped, Sweet green pepper, chopped, Stalk celery, chopped, Yellow squash, chopped, Chopped, Tamari sauce, Red onion, chopped, Corn, drained, Zucchini squash, chopped, Tumeric, Black pepper, Water, Fresh jalapeno peppers,, Small, Cooked brown basmati rice, Fresh shelled chestnuts, Sweet red pepper, chopped, Seeded and minced, Un-sulfured raisins, Diameter) or 2 smaller ones, 
1. Preheat oven to 350F. Wash pumpkin and cut off the top, angle the cut so  that the top will fit back on more easily, use a big spoon to scoop out  strings and seeds. Mix sugar and 2 tbs. tamari sauce (you can warm them in  the microwave so they will mix more easily ) and spread evenly over insides  of pumpkin. Line the bottom of a large pan with single piece of aluminum  foil folded over itself 3 or 4 times, pour 1 cup water in pan, place top  back on pumpkin and place in baking pan, cover the pumpkin and the pan with  foil. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until pumpkin is just starting to become  tender, the thicker the pumpkin the longer it will take.    2. Steam the nuts for about 15 minutes. Rinse them in cool water and slip  off the brown skins. Chop chestnuts coarsely.    3. Combine chestnuts with raisins, apricots, apple, walnuts, celery, white  and red onions, corn, green and red pepper, jalapeno peppers, mace, tumeric  and rice, mix well. Add the 4 tbs. tamari and mix again.    4. Dust the inside of the pumpkin with the cinnamon. Pack the pumpkin with  the filling and replace the pumpkin top. Return pan to oven, add water to  cover the bottom of the pan and bake for 45 to 55 minutes.    5. If you are going to serve the pumpkin on something other then the pan it  was cooked in BE CAREFUL. The bottom of the pumpkin may be VERY soft. Wrap  the foil from the bottom of the pan up around the pumpkin as you pick it  up, this will keep the bottom intact.    When serving this recipe, scrap the inside of the pumpkin with the serving  spoon and mix the pumpkin into the stuffing.    If you have leftovers do not leave it in the pumpkin. Remove the filling  and scrape out the pumpkin and store in your refrigerator. Tastes great the  day after.    NOTE: This is my modification of the recipe - THANKSGIVING PUMPKIN STUFFED  WITH RICE AND CHESTNUTS From The High Road to Health, Wagner and Spade -  which was posted to the FFList in October. My primary changes are adding  lots more vegetables, removing the tofu and oil, and changing the honey to  sugar. I have made this twice now, am going to make it for my family  thanksgiving feast, and it is now one of my permanent recipes.    Posted by "Joseph B. McKay III" <MCKAY_J@a1.eop.gov> to the Fatfree Dig.  Vol. 12 Issue 8 Nov. 9, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by  Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith,  S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.    