American Lasagna
Tomato sauce; 3 (8-oz) cans, Parmesan cheese, Salt, Hot water, Eggs, Processed cheddar cheese;, Red pepper; crushed, Oregano, Lean ground beef, Garlic powder, Tomato paste; 3 (6-oz) cans, Instant minced onion, Cream style cottage cheese, Parsley flakes, Lasagna noodles; cooked,, 
Line four 8x8x2-inch baking pans with heat-resistant freezer wrap.  Allow  enough extra wrap to fold over top.  Use one pan for each six servings or  one-fourth of the recipe.  Do not line pans for food to be served without  freezing.    Crumble beef; cook until lightly browned.  Stir in onion.  Cook until onion  is tender.  Drain off fat.  Stir in seasonings, tomato paste, tomato sauce,  and water.  Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.  In another bowl,  blend eggs with cottage cheese.    In each pan, spread a layer of meat mixture (about 3/4 cup).  Add a layer  each of noodles (2 1/4), meat mixture (about 3/4 cup), cottage cheese  mixture (about 3/4 cup), processed cheese (1/3 cup), and parmesan cheese (1  1/2 tablespoons).  Repeat layers until all ingredients are used.  Pack food  tightly to avoid air pockets.    TO SERVE WITHOUT FREEZING:  Preheat oven to 400? F. (hot).  Bake 30 minutes  or until sauce bubbles at edges.    TO FREEZE:  Cool for 30 minutes at room temperature.  Complete wrapping by  pulling paper up over top of food.  Put edges of wrap together and fold  several times so paper lies directly on top of food.  Fold ends of freezer  wrap over the top and seal with freezer tape.  Label with name of food,  date of freezing, and last date the food should be used for best eating  quality (about 6 months).  Freeze for 10-12 hours before removing packages  from the pans.    TO HEAT FROZEN LASAGNA:  Preheat oven to 400? F. (hot).  Remove freezer  wrap.  Place food in baking pan.  Bake 1 1/4 hours or until sauce bubbles  at edges and center is hot.    VARIATION:  Italian Lasagna -- Use ricotta cheese in place of cottage  cheese and mozarella cheese in place of processed cheddar cheese.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #184    Date: Mon, 05 Aug 1996 11:22:06 -0500    From: "R. Winters" <rosie@iadfw.net>  NOTES : This recipe is for 24 servings (about 2 1/2 by 4 inches). =       Directions are given for dividing the prepared food into four       parts of six=       servings each.  One part may be completely cooked and served at       the time of=       preparation.  The remaining parts may be frozen.