Ancho Chile Butter
Lemon, Zest of, Cloves garlic; skins on, Salted butter; at room, Parsely; finely chopped, Pure olive oil, Chili powder, Salt, Coriander seeds; ground, Dried ancho chiles, 
Fill a small bowl with very hot tap water. Place olive oil in small saute  pan and set over medium-high heat. When oil barely begins to smoke, add  chiles and roast, turning until skins are soft and slightly puffed. Remove  chiles to the hot water and let soak for 30 minutes.    In the same skillet and again over high heat, roast garlic cloves, shaking  the pan until skins are golden brown and shriveling. Remove from heat. When  cloves are cool to the touch, squeeze garlic out of the skins and reserve.    When chiles have finished soaking, drain, seed, and stem them. Place them  and the garlic in the bowl of a food processor equipped with a steel blade.  Add coriander, salt, chili powder, lemon zest, and one-fourth of the  butter. Process until all ingredients are well-pureed. Gradually add the  rest of the butter and process until it is incorporated. Add parsley and  process a second more just to fold in.    Remove to a storage container and refrigerate to store. To use, melt the  butter over low heat.    MAKES 2 1/2 CUPS NOTES: The great thing about composed butters is that they  keep so well and have so many uses. Let this butter, for example, hang  around your refrigerator for a couple of months. Toss pasta with it. Make  your next omelet with it. Saute boneless chicken in it. Dollop some on a  piece of grilled fish. Cook shrimp in it. Spread it on slices of an old  baguette, run them under the broiler, and serve as an appetizer that will  bring guests back for more. See what we mean? And do not forget to melt  some of the butter over a baked potato. This particular butter uses the  mild dried ancho chile pepper to give it a South-west flavor and a rich,  rusty color. Allow 2 tablespoons of butter for every 1/4 pound of pasta - a  little more if you are adding other ingredients, such as vegetables or  chicken, to the pasta.    PREPARE-AHEAD/SERVING NOTES: The butter will keep refrigerated for at least  three months. ESSENTIAL GEAR: Electric food processor    HERE IS A GOOD USE FOR ANCHO CHILI BUTTER:    Blanch asparagus spears (we especially like California purple asparagus for  its plump, tender stalks that require no peeling). Allow 4 to 6 meaty  spears per serving. Drain and rinse with cold water. Set aside. In a large  saute pan, melt Ancho Chile Butter, allow 3 to 4 tablespoons per serving.  Add asparagus spears and quickly warm in the hot butter. With tongs, remove  asparagus to hot plates. Leave any extra butter in the saute pan. While  asparagus warms, cook fresh egg fettuccine until tender. Drain and  immediately toss with the remaining butter in saute pan. Serve the pasta  over the asparagus spears and top with a light grating of Parmigiano  Reggiano .    Marcella Rosene, Pasta & Co. By Request, Coveted Recipes From Seattles  Leading Take-Out Foodshop Adapted for MasterCook format by Brenda Adams  <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>  Recipe By     : Pasta & Co. By Request    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #261    Date: Sat, 26 Oct 1996 16:06:45 -0700    From: Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>