Very Berry Summer Pudding
Thin; firm sandwich-style, (12-oz each) strawberries;, Lemon juice, Orange juice, Blackberries; cut in half if, Granulated sugar, Seedless red raspberry or, Blueberries; rinsed and, Plus, Ground cinnamon, 
This no-bake bread pudding is traditionally made with fresh red currants  and raspberries, but you can use any combination of juicy berries as weve  done here.    1.  Line a 1-1/2 quart souffle dish or mixing bowl with plastic wrap,  leaving a 4-inch overhang all around.    2.  Finely mash 1-1/2 cups of the strawberries and 1/4 cup blueberries in a  large bowl. Slice in remaining strawberries and stir in remaining  blueberries and the sugar. Let stand 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.    3.  Mix orange juice, 1/4 cup jam and the cinnamon. Add the strawberry  mixture along with the blackberries. Stir until blended.    4.  Line bottom of prepared dish with 3 slices bread, trimming slices to  fit snugly. Cut 8 of the remaining slices in half. Arrange halves,  overlapping slightly, around sides of dish, pressing bread against the dish  to keep it in place.    5.  Spoon half the berry mixture and juice into dish. Press down to  compact. Top with 2 slices bread, then the remaining berries and juice.  Press down. Cover completely with remaining 3 bread slices, cut to fit.    6.  Bring up plastic wrap overhang and cover top of dish completely. Top  with a plate that fits inside dish (or cut cardboard to fit). Place in  refrigerator and put a heavy weight (large juice or tomato can or brick) on  plate to press layers down firmly.    7.  Refrigerate at least 8 hours, but preferably overnight so juices soak  the bread.    8.  TO SERVE: Remove weight and unwrap top of pudding. Invert on rimmed  serving dish to catch juices. Remove dish and plastic wrap. Stir lemon  juice into remaining 2 tablespoons jam. Brush evenly over pudding. Use a  serrated knife to cut into wedges. Makes 8 servings.    REQUIRES CHILLING    From a collection of my mothers (Judy Hosey) recipe box which contained  lots of her favorite recipes, clippings, etc.  Downloaded from Glens MM  Recipe Archive, G Internet.