Ancho Rubbed Chicken
Black pepper, Flour, THE RUB, Oregano flakes, Oregano, Chile powder, White flour (for dusting), Coarse corn meal, SEASONED COATING, Sugar, Salt, Fine corn meal, Sugar, Flour, Ancho (or Mulato) peppers;, Garlic, Chile powder, Whole chicken breasts;, Salt, Coarse corn meal, Black pepper, Fine corn meal, Ancho (or Mulato) peppers;, Garlic, 
Jim Maslanka <jmasl@fnbc.com> Ancho Rubbed Chicken (Fried Chicken Breasts  Rubbed in Ancho Peppers)    The Rub: Toast dried peppers on a hot iron skillet; remove stem; slit and  remove seeds Place peppers in a pan; cover with water; bring to a boil;  remove from heat; let stand for 1 hour. Place all rub ingredients in a  blender and puree until smooth; run mixture through a food mill (fine  filter) if possible. Should be a thick paste.    Seasoned coating: Mix ingredients thoroughly.    Chicken: 2 whole chicken breasts, boned, skinned, and split; rinse and pat  dry Separate the tenderloins from each breast; youll now have 8 pieces of  chicken Pound chicken flat to about 50% increase in size Score meat with  sharp knife in a 1/2 inch criss cross pattern.    Preparation: Lightly dust chicken meat on all sides with flour, allow to  dry for 5 minutes. With a butter knife, spread the ancho paste evenly on  one side of the chicken pieces; rub into the scored pattern (should be  enough paste to "hide" the chicken meat). Sprinkle liberally with seasoned  coating; pat it into the paste; allow to dry for 5 min. Turn chicken pieces  over and repeat the paste and coating process on other side of meat.    Pour 1 cup of olive oil into a hot iron skillet; add 1/4 stick of butter;  reduce heat to medium.  Dont crowd the chicken in the pan (cook breasts  first, followed by  tenderloins); for each batch: cook, covered, for 5  minutes; turn the  meat; cook for another 5 minutes.  Remove meat, place on  a warming rack in a 300 degree oven. Continue cooking remaining meat.    Notes:    1. I served this with a yellow corn and black bean salsa, cooked for about  5 minutes with onions, 1 tsp balsamic vinegar, and 1/4 cup chicken broth.    2. I got the idea for this from "Great Chefs of the East", and changed it  slightly for the ingredients at hand:    3. Leftover chicken makes great sandwiches, too.    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.