Vienna Rolls
Water, Dried granular yeast, Egg, Warm water, Milk, Flour, Butter or Margarine, Salt, Sugar, Egg white, Sugar, 
You may, of coarse form this into loave(s) and bake as a loaf bread.    Cool scaled milk to lukewarm.  Dissolve yeast in lukewarm water and add 1  tablespoon sugar.  Cover and set aside until foaming and doubled in volume.  Add the foaming yeast to the lukewarm milk.  Add 3 cups flour, one at a  time, beating well for at least 10 minutes, or until the mixture is very  light and smooth.  cover and set aside in a warm place until light and  puffy.  Add the beaten egg, melted butter, slat and 2 tablespoons sugar,  then slowly add just enough flour to make a soft easy-to-handle dough. Turn  out onto a lightly floured board.  Knead at least 10 minutes, using as  little flour as possible on the board.  When the dough is satiny smooth,  and free from stickiness place in a warm, well greased bowl. Cover and set  aside in a warm place until doubled in bulk. Turn out onto a lightly  floured board and shape into small buns, twists, and divided rolls (see  below).  Place on a greased baking sheet, cover and let stand until  doubled.  Glaze with beaten egg white.  Bake in a 375F to 400F oven for 15  mintues or until golden brown.    SMALL BUNS:  Shape into little balls.  Glaze with beaten egg yolk or egg  white.    TWISTS:  Cut off three small pieces of dough.  Roll each into pencil thin  ropes about 6 inches long.  Braid.  Pinch ends tightly.  Glaze with egg  white.    DIVIDED ROLLS:  Make small balls, then press down the handle of a wooden  spoon through the center of each ball, half way through, thus dividing it.  Gently shape the ball so that it will be round, not flat.    CLOVER LEAF ROLLS:  Cut off three small pieces of dough.  Shape into three  small balls, then place three little balls together in well-greased muffin  tins.  Glaze with melted butter.    >From: Katie E Green <kgreen@u.washington.edu>  From: Bread-Bakers Archives: ftp.best.com/pub/reggie/archives/bread/recipe    Recipe By     : The Complete Bread Cookbook