Amy Scherbers Pecan Sticky Buns
(2 ounces) very warm water, All-purpose flour, Plus 1 tablespoon(5 ounces), Dark brown sugar, firmly, Plus 1 tablespoon (2 1/2, (16 ounces) warm water (90, Plus 1 tablespoon (2 3/4, Packed, Active dry yeast, Degrees F), (24 ounces) unbleached, (2 ounces)unsalted butter,, Ounces) granulated sugar, Softened, (4 1/2 ounces) unsalted, Ounces) pecan pieces, Toasted, Cinnamon, Kosher salt, (105 to 115 degrees F), Butter, 
Equipment: One 9-inch square baking pan, preferably non-stick, buttered on  sides only; one sheet pan, lined with aluminum foil    Place the yeast and warm water in a small bowl and stir with a fork to  dissolve the yeast. Allow it to stand for about 3 minutes. Mix the flour  and salt together in a large bowl. Add the warm water and the yeast mixture  and stir with your fingers to moisten the flour, scraping the sides of the  bowl and folding the dough over itself until it gathers into a shaggy mass.    Move the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead it by hand for 5  minutes. This is a soft, moist dough. If the dough seems too stiff and hard  to knead, add extra warm water 1 tablespoon at a time until you get a nice  malleable dough. Gently shape the dough into a loose ball, cover it with  plastic, and let it rest on the table for 20 minutes. (This rest period is  the autolyse.)    Gently knead the dough on the lightly floured surface for 1to 2 more  minutes, or until it becomes smooth, supple, and elastic but not too firm.  The texture of the dough should be soft but springy. Shape the dough into a  loose ball, place it in a lightly oiled bowl, and turn to coat the top with  oil. Cover it tightly with plastic wrap and let it rise at room temperature  (75 to 77 degrees F)until it has doubled in volume, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours    While the dough is rising; in a small saucepan, heat the 9 tablespoons  butter and the dark brown sugar over low heat, stirring occasionally, until  the butter has melted and the sugar is completely moistened (it wont be  dissolved), then whisk until the mixture looks silky and a little lighter  in color. Use 1 tablespoon softened butter to grease the sides of a 9-inch  square pan, then pour in the caramel, tilting the pan slightly so the  mixture spreads evenly over the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle the toasted  pecans over the warm caramel and press them down slightly. Put the pan in  the refrigerator to cool the caramel; be the pans on a level surface. Put  the granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and stir until evenly  mixed. Set aside.    When the dough has doubled, gently pour it out of the bowl onto the floured  work surface. Flatten the dough and stretch it with your fingers to form a  13 by 10-inch rectangle, with a long side facing you. Work gently so you  dont tear the dough surface. The dough should stretch easily at this  point, but if it resists, let it rest for 5 minutes and resume stretching.  Check to be sure the dough isnt sticking to the work surface; flour the  table again, if necessary.    Spread 3 tablespoons of the softened butter evenly over the the dough,  leaving a 1/2-inch strip unbuttered along the top edge. Sprinkle the  cinnamon/sugar mixture generously and evenly over the butter, again leaving  the top 1/2-inch of the rectangle bare. Starting with the bottom edge, roll  up the dough jelly-roll fashion into a long log. If the dough sticks to the  table as youre rolling, use a dough scraper to loosen it gently. Pinch  gently but firmly along the seam to seal it. If necessary, gently shape the  roll so it is a nice uniform log.    Take the caramel-lined pan out of the refrigerator. Cut the log of dough  into 9 equal pieces. (Its easiest to mark the roll first to show where  youre going to make the cuts--a slight indentation with the knife edge  will do--then use a sharp serrated knife to cut completely through the  dough.) Lay the pieces cut side down on top of the caramel. Dont worry if  its a tight fit. Let rise, uncovered, at room temperature until the dough  has almost doubled, about 1 to 1 1/4 hours. The rolls should fill the pan  and extend 1/2 to 3/4-inch above it. In the meantime, position a rack in  the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the pan  of sticky buns on a foil-lined baking sheet and place it in the oven. Bake  for 10 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake  for 30 to 40 minutes longer, until the tops of the buns are golden brown  and crusty. Its important to bake the buns long enough so the dough is  cooked all the way through and the caramel topping develops properly. Set  the pan of buns on a rack to cool for 5 minutes. Then quickly but carefully  turn the pan upsidedown and release the sticky buns onto a large flat  heatproof plate. Immediately scrape out any caramel remaining and spread it  on top of the buns, filling in any bare spots. Let them cool until just  warm before serving. BAKERS DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A54 COPYRIGHT 1996  TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P. All Rights Reserved  Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #230 by Bill <thelma@pipeline.com> on Sep  11, 1997