Ancho Chile Devils Food Cake W/godiva
Water, Sugar, Cake flour, Godiva liqueur marshmallow, Ancho chili powder, Corn syrup, Egg whites, Hot coffee, Eggs, Salt, Salt, butter, Cayenne, Sugar, Cocoa, Baking soda, Plus, Godiva liqueur, Baking Powder, FROSTING, Vanilla extract, Godiva liqueur, unsalted butter, Buttermilk, 
mas@inetdirect.net (Mario A. Subia) Ancho Chile Devils Food Cake with  Godiva Liqueur and Marshmallow Frosting, The James Beard Foundation/Godiva  Liqueur Baking Competition, New York Regional Competition Winner/Dessert  Category, Wayne Harley Brachman, Pastry Chef, Mesa Grill and Bolo, New York  City.    1. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Lightly  grease the sides of two 15-1/2 by 10-1/2 inch jelly-roll pans.  Line them  with parchment or buttered waxed paper, melted butter or non-stick  vegetable spray for greasing the pan.    2. Sift the flour, cocoa, ancho, cayenne, baking powder, baking soda and  salt onto a sheet of waxed paper. Sift two more times to mix and aerate.  Put the butter and sugar in the bowl or an electric mixer and beat at high  speed for two minutes until well combined and smooth. Add the eggs, one at  a time, beating until each is incorporated. Continue beating until light  and very fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl if necessary, about  five more minutes. With the mixer on its lowest setting, or by hand with a  rubber spatula, fold in one half of the dry mixture. Fold in the vanilla  and one quarter of the buttermilk and coffee; another one third of the dry  mixture and then the remaining buttermilk and coffee. Finally, fold in the  remaining ingredients.    3. Spread the batter evenly in the two pans. Bake for 30 minutes or until  the center springs back when lightly pressed. Cool the cake layers, in the  pans, on a wire rack.    4. When cool, turn them out of the pans by inverting each one onto a plate.  Split each cake into two layers and fill with the Marshmallow Frosting to  create a four layer cake. Frost the outside with Ganache.  You may pipe on  extra Marshmallow Frosting to decorate. Godiva Liqueur Marshmallow  Frosting:    1. Put the water, sugar and corn syrup in a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan  and cook over high heat to soft ball (240 degrees). If necessary, stir a  few times to help dissolve the sugar crystals.    2. Meanwhile, in an immaculately clean and dry mixing bowl, whisk the egg  whites with a pinch of salt. When soft peaks form, sprinkle on the teaspoon  of sugar and whisk until the peaks stiffen to the consistency of shaving  cream. Set aside until the syrup is ready.    3. While constantly whisking the egg whites, carefully drizzle in the hot  syrup. Mix in the Godiva Liqueur and continue to whisk until cooled down,  thickened and spreadable.    4. In the bowl of an electric mixer, whisk together the butter and  confectioners sugar. Fold in the egg white mixture.    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.