Vegetable Casserole W/cornbread Dressing
Frozen corn, thawed, Canola oil, Frozen peas, thawed, FILLING, Tomatoes, finely chopped, salt and pepper, To equal 1 egg, Sugar, Drained, chopped pimiento, Cornmeal, Unbleached white flour OR, Potato, chopped into 1-in., Baking Powder, Seeded, chopped jalapeno, Florets chopped into 1" pcs, Baking soda, Onion, finely chopped, Butter, soy margarine or, Broccoli or cauliflower, Water, Garlic, Cubes, Sweet potato, chopped into, 1-inch cubes, CORNBREAD TOPPING, Egg, or Ener-G egg replacer, Buttermilk or soymilk, Whole wheat pastry flour, Green beans, cut into 1" pcs, 
Vegetables: Heat marjarine or oil in a large skillet. Add onions, garlic,  saute til onion translucent, about 5 mins. Add tomatoes and water, bring to  boil. Add potato. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Add sweet potato, green  beans, and brocooli or cauliflower. Simmer, covered, for 5 more minutes.  Add salt and pepper. (The vegetables are not thoroughly cooked at this  stage). Add peas. Remove from heat and keep covered until the topping is  ready    Topping: Preheat oven to 425F degrees. Beat together egg or egg replacer  and sugar in a large bowl until smooth and creamy. Fold in buttermilk or  soymilk.    In a separate bowl, combine cornmeal, flour, baking powder and baking soda.  Add corn and jalapeno.    Add the egg mix into the cornmeal mix and stir until smooth.    Place vegetables in a lightly oiled 8- or 9-inch square pan or a casserole  dish. Spread cornmeal batter in an even layer over vegetables. Sprinkle  pimiento on top and gently pat into batter.    Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted on top comes out  clean.    Best served warm, but also good at room temperature.    To serve: Score the surface lightly with a knife to indicate where to cut  for each serving.    Makes 4 to 6 servings.    Nutritional Information per serving: 286 calories; 10 g protein; 5 g fat;  53 g. carbohydrate; 62 mg. cholesterol if buttermilk, eggs and butter are  used; 0 mg cholesterol if soy margarine, egg replacer and soymilk are used;      545 mg sodium; 9 g. fiber.    Source: "Vegetarian Times", November 1992  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by momqat@juno.com (Katie M Weber) on Apr 21,  1998