Chocolate-Apricot Strudel
Amaretto, Sugar, Water, Dried apricots; thinly, Crystallized ginger; chopped, Semisweet chocolate chips, REMAINING INGREDIENTS, Sheets phyllo dough, Butter-flavor cooking spray, Apricots; diced, optional, FILLING, 
1. Prepare filling: Combine first 3 ingredients in a medium bowl. Microwave  at HIGH 1 1/2 minutes or until sugar dissolves, stirring after 45 seconds.  Stir in dried apricots and ginger; cover. Microwave on HIGH 3 minutes; let  stand 5 minutes. Place apricot mixture in a food processor or blender;  process until coarsely chopped. Spoon apricot mixture into bowl; cover and  cool completely. Stir in 1/4 c chocolate chips.    2. Preheat oven to 350F.    3. Place 1 phyllo sheet on work surface (cover remaining dough to keep from  drying); lightly coat with cooking spray. Working with 1 sheet at a time,  coat remaining 7 phyllo sheets with cooking spray, placing one on top of  the other. Place a sheet of plastic wrap over the phyllo, pressing gently  to seal sheets together; discard plastic wrap.    4. Spoon filling along 1 long edge of phyllo, leaving a 2" border. Fold  over the short edges of phyllo to cover 2" of filling on each end.    5. Starting at long edge with 2" border, roll up jelly-roll style. Do not  roll tightly, or the strudel may split. (Strudel may be frozen for up to  five days at this point.) Place strudel, seam side down, on a baking sheet  coated with cooking spray. Score 7 diagonal slits into top of strudel using  a sharp knife. Lightly spray strudel with cooking spray. Bake for       30    minutes or until golden.    6. Place 1/4 c chocolate chips in a small heavy-duty zip-top bag, and seal.  Submerge bag in very hot water until chips melt. Snip a tiny hole in 1  corner of bag; drizzle chocolate evenly over each of 8 dessert plates. Cut  strudel diagonally into 16 slices using a serrated knife dipped in hot  water; arrange 2 slices over chocolate drizzle. Garnish each serving with  diced apricot, if desired.    Per serving: 219 Calories; 4g Fat (19% calories from fat); 3g Protein; 40g  Carbohydrate; 1mg Cholesterol; 95mg Sodium    Recipe by: Cooking Light 4/98    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Betsy Burtis <ebburtis@ix.netcom.com> on Nov 4,  1998, 