Aphrodisiac Omelet
Beluga caviar, Pepper, smoked salmon, Salt, Chives, Toast, Fresh country butter, Eggs, 
Ever so delicately, you break the eggs into a fine porcelain bowl?porcelain  for reasons of elegance, nothing more?and beat lightly, adding salt and  pepper. You warm the butter in the omelet pan sacred to every good cook,  and as soon as the butter begins to turn the tint of warm Caribbean skin,  you pour in the eggs. When the omelet is half cooked on the bottom, loosen  it with infinite gentleness, whispering encouragingly, because if you are  rough, it will lose its enchanting disposition; add the chives and salmon  and fold it over, exactly as you would close a book. To free it entirely,  experts move the skillet back and forth with the pulsing syncopation of a  good dancer, and then, with a sudden flip of the wrist, toss it up in the  air and catch it, now reversed, so it will cook to a golden brown on both  sides?although I admit that every time Ive tried that move, the omelet has  landed on my head. These gyrations are pure exhibitionism, because when you  make an omelet, as when y! ! ou make love, affection counts or more than  technique.    Serve your omelet on your most beautiful plates, already warmed in the  oven. Spoon on the caviar, and beside this triumph place the warm toast and  sour cream. After a night of passion, this is the breakfast indicated for  making love, no holds barred, the rest of the day.    Notes: An Omelet For Two    "Appetite and sex are the great motivators of history,? writes  internationally acclaimed author Isabel Allende. ?All of creation is one  long uninterrupted cycle of digestion and fertility.? Check out Allendes  recipe of love: the Aphrodisiac Omelet .    Air date April 22, 1998    To order GMA recipes or to subscribe yearly please call: 1-800-543-4GMA  Single recipes $3 / Yearly $14.95    MC formatted using MC Buster 2.0d & SNT on 4/26/98    Recipe by: Adapted from Isabel Allendes Aphrodite (HarperFlamingo, Ma    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Barb at PK  <abprice@wf.net> on Apr 26, 1998