Vegetarian Chopped Liver
Big eggplant; see Note, Water (washed egg), Big onions; cut in thin, Oil for frying, Salt and pepper, THIRD STEP, Oil (or use vegetarian, FIRST STEP, Hard boiled eggs, SECOND STEP, Margarine, Egg; plus, 
I am sure that many Israelis like me that were born few years before our  Independece Day War remember the days of the "Tsenna". It was very hard  time in Israel, especially for our Moms,as they had to find some  substitutes for eggs, meat, milk, butter, you name it... Our good aunts  from Wizzo did the impossible and came out with recipes to help our poor  mothers. One recipe as a child I still remember that my mother made for the  first and last time it was Mock chopped liver that was made out of yeast,  It was so awful that I can still remember after 50 years how awful it was.    I am not even thinking of giving you this recipe, First I just do not know  how to make it, and secondly I do not want you to think badly about me. So  ,to compensate you Here is a very very good old recipe from my mother with  love & more.    Source : From my mother with love & more. By my mother Debora.    Directions: 1st step.    See Note: I take time to pick eggplants. In the end it pays. Eggplant  should be long, dark in color and shiny, The skin should be tight,and it  should be light in weight, Hold 2 eggplants , 1 in each hand and choose the  lighter one.    Wash eggplant, no need to salt it. beat egg and water with a whisker, Peel  and leave 3 strips of un peeled eggplant. In a frying pan heat oil, ( about  1/2 cup ) , cut eggplant in rounds about 1/2 inch thick. Deep in egg, and  fry on both sides. Put on paper towel to absorb most of the oil.    2nd Step: In a clean frying pan heat oil + margarine or Shmalts, and fry  the onions till it gets a nice brown gold color, Do not burn it. Add salt  and pepper to your own taste. Take 2 tables of the onions and put in a dish  for further use.    3rd step: In food processor put all ingredients - but one egg. Work with  the steal knife and chopped the Ingredients, Taste and if necessary improve  it to your own taste.    Transfer to a serving dish . On top grate the one hard boiled egg, and on  top of all arrange the rest of the onions. Cover and keep for at least 1  hour in refrigerator. Keep well for a week.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #304 by ZVI&RINA PERRY  <pzvi@netvision.net.il> on