Vegetable Casserole with Cornbread Dressing
CORNBREAD TOPPING, To equal 1 egg, Florets chopped into 1" pcs, Drained, chopped pimiento, Broccoli or cauliflower, Buttermilk or soymilk, Canola oil, FILLING, 1-inch cubes, salt and pepper, Cornmeal, Butter, soy margarine or, Frozen peas, thawed, Frozen corn, thawed, Baking Powder, Seeded, chopped jalapeno, Potato, chopped into 1-in., Sugar, Unbleached white flour OR, Water, Sweet potato, chopped into, Baking soda, Cubes, Tomatoes, finely chopped, Whole wheat pastry flour, Garlic, Onion, finely chopped, Egg, or Ener-G egg replacer, Green beans, cut into 1" pcs, 
Vegetables: Heat marjarine or oil in a large skillet. Add onions and  garlic, and saute until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes  and water and bring to a boil. Add potato. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes.  Add sweet potato, green beans, and brocooli or cauliflower. Simmer,  covered, for 5 more minutes. Add salt and pepper. (The vegetables are not  thoroughly cooked at this stage). Add peas. Remove from heat and keep  covered until the topping is ready Topping: Preheat oven 50 425 degrees.  Beat together egg or egg replacer and sugar in a large bowl until smooth  and creamy. Fold in buttermilk or soymilk. In a separate bowl, combine  cornmeal, flour, baking powder and baking soda. Add corn and jalapeno. Add  the egg mixture and stir until smooth. Place vegetables in a lightly oiled  8- or 9-inch square pan or a casserole. Spread cornmeal batter in an even  layer over vegetables. Sprinkle pimiento on top and gently pat into batter.  Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted on top comes out  clean. Best served warm, but also good at room temperature. To serve: Score  the surface lightly with aknife to indicate where to cut for each serving.  Makes 4 to 6 servings. Per serving: 286 calories; 10 g protein; 5 g fat; 53  g. carbohydrate; 62 mg. cholesterol if buttermilk, eggs and butter are  used; 0 mg cholesterol if soy margarine, egg replacer and soymilk are used;  545 mg sodium; 9 g. fiber. From _Vegetarian Times_, November 1992    