Appetizer Spareribs-Costillitas De Cerdo
De costillitas de cuerdo, Spareribs; cut, Cucharadas de salsa inglesa;, Soy sauce, Pepper, Cucharadas de mostaza, Cucharadas de salsa de soya, Un sulphured molasses; or, Cucharadita de pimienta, Worcestershire Sauce, Cucharadas de jugo de lemon, Cucharadas de melaza sin, OR, EN ESPANOL, Lemon juice, Prepared mustard, 
submitted by: lloyd2@mindspring.com  (Lloyd A. Carver, Prattville, AL  36067)    Recipe By : Kathryn Gatens    This is a recipe I picked up while in Panama. It is for Spareribs used as  an appetizer but I have the same recipe with only the meat changed to pork  chops. Then it is a dinner meat. It is good either way. I included the  original recipe in Spanish and my interpretation in English.    Have the rack of ribs cut in 3 parts lengthwise. Then divide each part into  individual ribs. Arrange in a baking dish. Separately, mix the molasses  with the prepared mustard; add the remaining ingredients and mix all well.  Paint the ribs with the sauce. Bake at 350F, for 1 1/2 hour, basting  frequently with the rest of the sauce. To Serve, drain well on absorbent  paper. Arrange in a chafing dish to keep hot.    NOTES : If desired, prepared the ribs or chops several days ahead of time  and freeze. To serve, bake at 300F until hot. Approximately 1 hour.    Haga cortar las costillas en 3 partes, a lo largo. Luego, divida cada parte  in costillitas individuales. Coloquelas en un cecipiente de hornear.  Aparte, lique la melaza con la mostaza preparada; aqada los ingredientes  restantes y mizclelo todo bien. Pinte las costillas con salsa. Hornilas a  350F (180C) durante 1 1/2 hora, pintandolas frecuentemente con el resto de  la salsa. Para servirlas, esczrralas antes, sobre papel absorbente.  Colsquelas luego en una fuente de servir con brasero abajo, para  conservarlas calientes.    NOTES : Si quiere, puede hacer costillas o chuletas con varios dias de  anticipacisn y congelaras. Para servirlas a 300F (150C) hasta que se  calienten aproximadamente 1 hora.    DAVE <DAVIDG@CLAM.RUTGERS.EDU>    RECIPEINTERNET LIST SERVER    RECIPE ARCHIVE - 19 MARCH 1996    From the RECIPEinternet: Recipes from Around the World recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.