Vegetable Cake (Chitwood)
Scallions; chopped, Green beans; cut into 1/2", Skim milk, Eggs; or one cup egg, Skim milk, olive oil, Cabbage, Salt, Dried basil; crumbled, Salt, Green peas, COOKED AND DRAINED, Frozen chopped spinach, Cayenne pepper, SPECIAL TOMATO SAUCE, Carrot; cut into 1/4" dice,, Pepper; to taste, Tomatoes; peel seed and chop, Leeks; see detail, 
LEEK DETAIL: Cut to retain white part of each leek.  Halve leeks  lengthwise; wash well. Chop and cook in boiling water until tender.    CABBAGE: Remove and discard any coarse outer leaves of the cabbage without  tearing the next layer. In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook  cabbage for 2 minutes. Peel off two outer leaves carefully and repeat the  process until six large outer leaves in all are removed. Reserve the  remaining cabbage for another use.    Cut the ribs from the six softened cabbage leaves.    Line a buttered 1-quart round baking dish with the cabbage leaves, leaving  some overhang to cover the filling. Layer the green beans, peas, carrots,  leeks and spinach over the cabbage leaves.    In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, salt and pepper to taste.  Pour mixture over the vegetables and fold the overhanging cabbage over the  filling. Cover the dish with foil.    Put dish in a baking pan, and add enough boiling water to the pan to come 1  inch up the side of the dish.    Bake the vegetable mixture in a preheated 350F oven for 1 hour. Remove the  dish from the baking pan and let cake cool for 30 minutes. Remove the foil  and run a knife around the edge of the cake. Invert the cake onto a serving  plate.    To make the SAUCE: In a skillet, cook scallions in oil over moderately low  heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Add tomatoes, basil, salt and  cayenne. Cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Puree the mixture in a  food processor or blender. Add the milk and blend sauce until smooth. Serve  over vegetable cake.    Nutrition information per 1/8 of cake: 129 calories, 19 grams carbohydrate,  3.8 grams fat, 7.3 grams protein. Exchanges per serving: 1 starch/bread, 1  vegetable, 1 fat.    "Southern Style Diabetic Cooking" (American Diabetes Association,  publisher) Posted Path McRecipe 07 No 96]--  Recipe By     : Marti Chitwood (1996) Southern-Style Diabetic Cooking    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #284    Date: Thu, 07 Nov 1996 12:13:05 -0800    From: Hanneman <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>