Vegetable Puff Pie Thornton
Black pepper, Leek, Vegetable stock cube, Potatoes, Head of broccoli, Pastry, Garden peas, Carrots, Onion, Cooked chickpeas OR cooked, Mixed herbs, Salt, Puff pastry, Milk or beaten egg; to brush, Peanut oil; or more as, Dijon mustard; mild, 
Select a large oven-proof, lidded casserole dish. Roll out the puff pastry  to desired thickness (usually up to half a centimetre thick is fine). Stand  the dish upside down on the rolled out pastry and using a sharp knife, cut  the shape out an inch bigger than the dish. Leave the pastry somewhere  cool.    Set the oven at the temperature required for the puff pastry (usually quite  hot).    Chop the onion and leek and fry over a medium heat in the casserole dish  for about 5 minutes. Scrub/peel the potatoes and carrots and then dice the  potatoes and chop the carrots similarly. Add to the onion and leek mixture  and cook for a few more minutes, without burning. Add enough water to cover  the mixture, followed by the stock cube, herbs, mustard, black pepper and  pinch of salt. Mix thoroughly, then bring to the boil and reduce to a  simmer, put the lid on and allow to bubble gently for about 10 minutes.  Wash and chop the broccoli into bite-sized pieces and add the rest of the  vegetables and cook for another 5 minutes.    There should be only just enough liquid for the vegetables to sit in, like  a thick soup, but they should not be swimming in it. If there is too much  liquid, remove the lid and let the mixture cook a little longer. Remove  from the heat. Carefully place the pastry lid on top, and crinkle the extra  pastry around the edges to make a crust. Brush with milk or beaten egg and  make some steam holes with a sharp knife. Cook in the oven for about 40  minutes until the pastry has risen and is golden brown.    Personal WebPage: Lyndas (11 Mar 98) by Lynda Thornton, United Kingdom.  Interests include vegetarian cuisine. http://www.wuli.demon.co.uk/lynda.htm  "If you try this recipe, please let me know what you think."    Notes: This is simple to make, and has a scrummy (scrumptious) puff pastry  lid!    >from Pat Hanneman (Kitpath) 98Mar12, a McBuster production    Recipe by: Lynda Thornton, UK ^(Personal)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 12,  1998