Ants Climbing Up a Tree
Hot bean sauce, Pork shoulder steak, boned, Ginger; grated, Finely chopped cabbage or, Chinese dried mushrooms,, Chinese rice wine or dry, Pepper, black; to taste, Drained and finely chopped, Garlic cloves, chopped, Cornstarch dissolved in 2, Oil, sesame, toasted, Scallions; thinly sliced, Sugar, granulated, Soy sauce, light, Oil, peanut; for deep frying, Package (4 ounce) glass, 
Iceberg lettuce leaves, 2 or 3 for each person Bone and finely chop the  pork. Do not grind this as you want very small pieces to "climb" on the  branches of the noodles. Marinate the pork in the soy, wine and ginger for  about 15 minutes. Slice the green onions. Finely chop the cabbage and  mushrooms, reserving the soaking water from the mushrooms. Heat the oil in  a wok until it is just beginning to smoke. Use good ventilation in your  kitchen for this one! Open the noodle package and undo them a bit. Drop  into the hot fat in small batches. They will immediately puff up into  wonderful white crunchy noodles. Turn quickly to be sure that all of them  are cooked. Remove from the pan and drain on paper towels. Be very careful  with this. You could burn yourself. Set the noodles aside. Heat another wok  or frying pan and add 1 Tablespoon of the peanut oil. Add the chopped  garlic and toss for a moment. Add the meat and marinade and stir fry,  mixing it about, until the meat is tender but not dry, about 3 minutes on  high heat. Remove the meat mixture and add the vegetables to the wok. Stir  fry over high heat for 3 more minutes. Return the meat to the pan and add  the hot bean sauce, sugar and black pepper. Stir fry for 1 minute and then  add the cornstarch dissolved in the water. Stir until the sauce thickens.  If you have too little sauce, add a bit of the water in which you have  soaked the mushrooms. Add the sesame oil and stir. Place the fried noodles  on a large platter and pour the meat and vegetable mixture over the  noodles. Do this carefully so that the little pieces of pork and mushrooms  will cling to the "branches". Toss at the table in front of your guests.  Each person then takes a bit of noodle and meat sauce and places it in the  center of a lettuce leaf. Roll it up like a burrito and enjoy. Serves 6-8  as part of a Chinese meal Source: The Frugal Gourmet Cooks With Wine From  The Cookie Ladys Files    Submitted By   CHEF BRUCE HANNA    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip