Vegetable-Rice Spring Rolls with Garlic-Hoisin Sauce
Water, Soy sauce, Water, Hoisin sauce, Sesame oil, Sunflower sprouts, Additional fresh sprouts;, Fresh chives; cut 1" long, Reduced-sodium soy sauce, Egg; BEATEN WITH, Fresh ginger root; peel,, 7 1/2-inch square sprin-roll, GARLICHOISIN SAUCE, garlic, Cornstarch; DISSOLVED IN, Salt, Baby carrots; julienned, Mixed alfalfa; lentil or, Water, Jasmine rice; (see note), Fresh mung bean sprouts, Vegetable oil for frying, 
In 2-quart saucepan, heat rice and water to boiling over high heat. Reduce  heat to medium; cover and cook rice until tender and all water has been  absorbed--about 17 minutes. Remove from heat, uncover, and set aside to  cool to room pemperature.    Meanwhile, prepare vegetable filling: Heat wok or large skillet over medium  heat. Add sesame oil and gingerroot; cook 15 seconds. Add carrots; stir-fry  1 minute. Add all the sprouts, chives, cornstarch mixture, and salt;  stir-fry until thickened and bubbly. Remove from heat and cool to room  temperature. Prepare Garlic-Hoisin Sauce: In 1-quart saucepan, heat water  and garlic to boiling. Remove from heat and stir in hoisin sauce and soy  sauce until well mixed. Pour into small bow.    To make a roll, on a plate, place a wrapper with one corner toward you.  Brush 1-inch-wide band of egg mixtrue around edge of wrapper. Place 1/12 of  rice in the center and spread to a 4- by 2-inch rectangle. Top with 1 1/2  of filling. Fold bottom corner over filling. Fold opposing side corners  over the roll and brush top corner with egg mixture. Continue rolling to  top corner to make a firm, 4-inch-long cylinder. Place roll on a tray;  cover with plastic wrap. Repeat with remaining wrappers, rice, and  vegetable filling. (Rolls can be make ahead, covered, and refrigerated for  several hours.)    In 4-quart saucepan, heat 2 inches oil to 375? on deep-fat thermometer. Fry  rolls, 3 at a time, for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Drain on  paper towels. When ready to serve, halve each roll croswise on an angle.  Place 4 halves, cut sides up, in center of each of 6 serving plates.  Garnish plates with additional sprouts, if desired. Serve with  Garlic-Hoisin Sauce.    NOTES : Crisp, frid egg or sping rolls filled with shrimp and sprouts are  traditionally served for Chinese New Year, since their golden color  symbolizes prosperity. Jasmine rice, which is an aromatic variety that  cooks up a bit stickier than regular long-grain rice, is available in city  supermarkets, gourmet store, and Asian markets. It is also available by  mail from Lowell Farms, 4 North Washington, El Campo, TX 77437;  (888)484-9213 or (409) 543-4950 (six 2-pound bags for $18. minimum order).  Recipe by: Country Living (January 1998)    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Nesb2@aol.com" <Nesb2@aol.com> on Mar 25,  1998