Vegetable Stock (Reference)
None, Vegetable Stocks Described:, 
Pritikin Vegetable Broth is canned and ff.  It has 290 mg sodium per  serving (about 1 cup).  Though that isnt great, the label says it is 65%  less sodium than Swanson canned veggie broth. I havent tried it yet.    Hain makes a canned vegetable stock that is good, but it isnt clear so it  isnt too good for clear soups or gravies. Its basically pureed veggies.  It has the texture of v8 juice and the color of carrot juice.    Vecon is a stock base that comes in a jar.  Its imported from England.  Its pretty good.  (Thanks to Michael Traub for pointing me to it.) 1/2 tsp  makes 1 cup of broth and has 40mg of fat (i.e. .040 gram, ff by American  labeling standards).  It has 235 mg sodium. The first ingredient is  hydrolyzed vegetable protein, which I think some people avoid -- I think  its a source of msg.    Gayelord Hausers Instant Vegetable Broth is a powder. It contains yeast,  soy flour, hydrolized vegetable protein, and a bunch of ground up  dehydrated vegetables. Vegetables that are dehydrated, ground, then  reconstituted in boiling water taste a lot different from vegetable stock  that is dehydrated.  I think this stuff is rather bland, but it might be ok  for cooking. It doesnt give nutritional info on the box, but based on the  ingredients (no added salt or fat) it should be pretty good.    Theres a brand of stock called "Take Stock" that comes frozen in 8-oz  containers.  They have a veggie stock that I think is ff that I only have  tried once. The stuff I made from it was awful, through no fault of the  stock, but that means I dont know if the stock is good on its own. Dont  know about sodium.    Posted by "Catherine A. Foulston" <cathyf@windrose.rice.edu> to Fatfree  Digest [Volume 13 Issue 9] Dec. 9, 1994.    FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with  permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using  MMCONV.    1.80?    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/fatfreex.zip