Vegetable Consomme with Mushroom Ravioli
Onion, halved and thinly, Cloves Garlic, thinly sliced, Turnip, pared and thinly, Diced, Parsnips, pared and thinly, Salt, Fresh Ginger, chopped, Salt, Parsnip, pared and finely, Diced, BROTH, Shallots, finely chopped, Dry Port Wine, VEGETABLE GARNISH, Can Plum Tomatoes in Juice, Sliced, Sliced, Mushrooms, finely chopped, Pepper, Leek, well washed, white and, Carrots, pared and thinly, Water, Diced, Sliced, Wonton Wrappers, Tender green part sliced, Leaf Marjoram, crumbled, Sliced, olive oil, Leek, washed well and finely, olive oil, MUSHROOM RAVIOLI, Carrots, pared and finely, 
Broth: Saute onion, leek, garlic and ginger in 1 tb oil in a large saucepan  over medium heat until softened, about 10 minutes. Add remaining oil,  carrot, parsnip and turnip; cook 5 minutes. Add tomatoes with juice, salt,  marjoram and 8 cups water. Bring to a boil. Lower heat; simmer, covered, 45  minutes. Strain through a fine-meshed sieve, pushing on solids to extract  all liquid. Discard solids. Set aside.    Ravioli: Saute shallots in oil in skillet over medium-low heat until  softened, about 6 minutes. Add mushrooms; cook 10 minutes until mushrooms  are soft and almost all liquid has evaporated. Stir in salt, pepper and  Port. Cook 5 minutes over high heat until liquid has evaporated. Cool to  room temperature.    Lay 12 wonton sheets on a dry work surface. Cut each wonton in half  lengthwise. Lay a scan teaspoonful of mushroom mixture on top-half of each  wonton half. Dampen with water 4 sides of top half of wonton where mushroom  filling is; fold dry half over filling; press down edges to seal. Repeat  with remaining wonton wrappers and filling.    Bring consomme to a boil in a large saucepan. Drop ravioli in; cook 2  minutes. Drop in diced carrot, parsnip and leek; cook 2 minutes. Serve.    Per serving: Calories: 157, Protein: 4g, Fat: 6g, Carbohydrates: 25g,  Sodium: 452mg, Cholesterol: 0mg.    Exchanges: 1 starch/bread, 2 vegetable, 1 fat.    Source: Unknown Typed by Katherine Smith Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY  315-786-1120    