Vegetable Stock (Ken Hom)
Chinese dried mushrooms, Stalks celery, Scallions, Fresh ginger; see, Soy sauce; low sodium, Shallots or sweet onion, Salt, Garlic, Carrots, Peanut oil; or less, Onions, Bay Leaves, Sichuan peppercorns;, Leeks, Water, Black peppercorns, 
INTRO: *Makes about 8 pints. Vegetarian cooking presents a problem when it  comes to stock. In the absence of poultry, fish or meat, it is difficult to  prepare a rich, foundation stock. Vegetable stocks tend to be comparatively  weak and lack robustness. **ADDITIVES: The custom has been to add  monosodium glutimate to vegetable stock. Another popular vegetable stock  employs the peppery bite of white radish to impart body in it. ***TIP: With  my colleague Gordon Wing, I have experimented and found that cooking the  vegetables in oil before simmering helps to impart flavor to the stock.  Gordon suggests using dried Chinese mushrooms to add richness and depth. If  you find the portions too large for your needs cut the recipe in half.    SOAK MUSHROOM: If you are using the dried mushrooms, soak them in warm  water for 20 minutes. Drain, squeeze out any excess liquid, and coarsely  chop the mushrooms, caps and stems.    CHOP: Coarsely chop the carrots, celery, and onions. Wash cut, and discard  the green part of the leeks, and coarsely chop the white portion. Peel the  shallots but leave them whole. Cut the GINGER into diagonal slices,  2-inches by 1+1/4- inch. Peel GARLIC and lightly crush.    SAUTE: Heat a large saucepan or wok over moderate heat and add the oil. Put  in the scallions, ginger, garlic, and shallots, and stir fry for 1 minute.  Then add the carrots, celery, leeks, and onions and continue to cook for 5  minutes. DO NOT SCORCH. Put all the vegetables and the rest of the  ingredients into a very large pan. Cover them with the cold water and bring  it to a simmer.    Using a large, flat spoon, skim off the foam as it rises to the top. This  will take about 5 minutes. Bring the stock to a boil. Reduce the heat to  moderate and simmer for about 2 hours.    Strain the stock through a large colander, then through a very fine mesh  strainer. Let it cool thoroughly. Transfer to containers and freeze.    Source: Asian Vegetarian Feast (HardCover 1988) by Ken Hom. William Morrow  and Company, Inc. New York. ISBN: 0-688-07753-6. Reprint: trade paper 1997.    dec 1997 kitpatH and Buster. EST PER CUP 81 cals, 2.0 g fat (20.6% cff)    Recipe by: Asian Vegetarian Feast (1988)    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n312 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Dec 08, 1997