Vegetable Calzone W/herbed Pizza Crust
Chopped onions (about 1 1/2, Chopped fresh -or-, Stone-ground or degerminated, Warm water (105 to 115, Whole wheat flour, Tomato juice, -(up to), Dried rosemary leaves;, All-purpose flour, Chopped cooked green beans, HERBED PIZZA CRUST, Olive or vegetable oil, Regular active dry yeast, Finely chopped zucchini, Nonfat Ricotta cheese, Pepper, Chopped fresh -or-, White pepper, Chopped fresh -or-, Freeze-dried chives, Dried basil leaves, 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 1996 17:33:34 -0400    From: Chris Susalski <DntlQueen@AOL.COM>    6 servings, from Betty Crockers New Choices Cookbook    Heat oven to 400 degrees. Spray cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray.  Prepare Herbed Pizza Crust. Sprinkle cornmeal on cookie sheet. Mix  remaining ingredients.    Divide dough into halves. Roll one ahlf into 9-inch circle on lightly  floured surface. Spread half of the vegetable mixture on lower half of  circle to within 1 inch of edge. (Keep edge of circle clean to ensure  secure seal.) Fold top half of dough carefully over filling. Pinch edges  with fingers or fork to seal securely. Place on cookie sheet. Repeat with  remaining dough and filling. Cut slit in toop of each. Bake 20 to 25  minutes or until golden brown.    Herbed Pizza Crust: Dissolve yeast in warm water in medium bowl. Stir in  remaining ingredients except all-purpose flour. Stir in enough all-purpose  flour, 1/2 cup at a time, to make dough easy to handle.    Turn dough onto lightly floured surface; gently roll in flour to coat.  Knead about 5 minutes or until smooth and elastic. Spray medium bowl with  nonstick cooking spray. Place dough in bowl, and turn greased side up.  Cover and let rise in warm place 45 to 60 minutes or until double. (Dough  is ready if indentation remains when touched.) Punch down dough.    Nutrition info for 1 serving: Calories - 225, Protein - 11 g, Carbohydrate  ~ 41 g, Fat - 2, Dietary Fiber - 5, Cholesterol - 15 mg, Sodium - 130 mg,  Postassium - 360 mg.    EAT-L DIGEST 20 JUNE 1996    From the EAT-L recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.