Vegetable Pot Pie
carrot, Dried sage, Unbleached flour, celery, Salt, Baking Powder, BASIC BISCUIT CRUST, Black Pepper, Honey, Red Bell Pepper, Skim milk, Buttermilk, Whole wheat flour, Vegetable stock, Chopped fresh parsley, Onions, frozen green beans, Dried thyme, Butter or margarine, Baking soda, Frozen peas, White wine, Salt or low-sodium soy sauce, Cayenne pepper, 
This recipe lends itself to creativity, as it can be prepared with almost  any combination of vegetables. The biscuit crust is a low-fat version of a  traditional pot-pie topping9. Soy milk can replace the buttermilk to make  it vegan; however, the crust may end up a bit heavier.    COAT AN 8-INCH casserole dish with vegetable cooking spray. Preheat oven to      400    degrees.    In heavy saucepan, heat wine or stock over medium-high heat. Add onion and  cook, stirring often, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add celery, bell pepper,  carrot, green beans and peas. If mixture begins to dry out, add 1/4 cup  more wine or vegetable stock. Cook, stirring often, 3 minutes. Reduce heat  to low. Sprinkle flour over vegetable mixture. Cook, stirring constantly, 2  minutes.    In glass measuring cup, combine milk or soy milk and 2 cups vegetable  stock. Slowly add to vegetable mixture while whisking constantly. Sauce  will start to thicken. Add parsley, salt or soy sauce, thyme, sage, pepper  and cayenne. Cook,. stirring constantly, until filling is thickened. Remove  from heat, transfer mixture to prepared casserole and set aside.    Biscuit topping: In large bowl, mix flour, salt, baking powder and baking  soda. Using a pastry blender or fork, cut butter or margarine into flour  mixture until it resembles coarse meal. In measuring cup, combine  buttermilk or soy milk and honey. Add liquid to flour mixture, stirring  with a fork to form a stiff dough. Add more buttermilk if dough is too dry.  Knead lightly in bowl, 3 to 5 minutes, until dough is no longer sticky.  Turn dough our onto lightly floured surface. Roll out into shape to cover  casserole dish or cut into wedges.    Lay biscuit topping lightly over filling. Bake until crust is golden brown  and filling is bubbling, 20 to 30 minutes.    PER SERVING: 339 calories; 13 g. protein.; 8G total fat, (1g sat fat); 60g  carb.; 0 cholesterol; 1,318mg sodium.; 10g FIBER. LACTO/VEGAN    Recipe by: Vegetarian Times, March 1998, page 44    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Kathleen <schuller@ix.netcom.com> on Apr 20,  1998