Lamb Chhewyala (Classic Nepali Grilled Lamb Marinated in Mus
Green Onions, Lamb Chops, Lemon juice, Mustard Oil, Black Pepper, Salt to taste, MARINADE, Cumin seeds, Red Chilies, Garlic, fresh Ginger, Turmeric, Mustard Oil, Salt and pepper, GARNISH, Mustard Oil, Fenugreek, Garlic, 
Complete title: Lamb Chhewyala (Classic Nepali Grilled Lamb Marinated in  Mustard Oil)    At the end of each month, The Cook & Kitchen Staff select some of the best  recipes sent to Recipe-a-Day during the month, and post them to the entire  membership. Todays offering is from a Recipe-a-Day member in Missouri who  sent a lovely collection of Nepali cookery our way.    Todays recipe contains an interesting aromatic plant native to Asia and  southern Europe, called Fenugreek [FEHN-yoo-greek]. It produces a  pleasantly bitter flavor from its slightly sweet seeds. Fenugreek seeds are  available in whole and ground varieties, and are used to flavor many foods  including curry powders, Asian spice blends, and teas. Fenugreek seeds  should be stored in a cool, dark place for no more than 6 months.    In a large mixing bowl combine 2 tablespoons of lemon juice, 1 tablespoon  mustard oil, 1 teaspoon of ground black pepper, and salt. Coat lamb chops  (or chicken) with the mixture and set aside for 30 minutes.    Grill the meat until its cooked through. Cut into 1/2-inch cubes and  reserve, being sure to keep it warm.    In a blender combine cumin seeds, chilies, 3 cloves of garlic, ginger,  turmeric, and salt and pepper to taste with 1 tablespoon of mustard oil to  produce a smooth paste. In a clean mixing bowl mix the garlic-ginger paste  with the warm grilled meat, gradually pouring the remaining 2 tablespoons  of mustard oil into the mix. Toss it well to coat thoroughly. Cover and set  aside for 10 minutes to marinate.    To prepare garnish, heat a tablespoon of mustard oil in a non-stick pan  over warm to medium-high heat. saute fenugreek until it turns dark. Add  garlic slices and saute until light brown. Pour the oil mixture over the  marinated meat. Add green onions. Toss the whole mixture well. Serve with  stir-fried vegetables and rice.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 29, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.