Vegetable Puff Pizzalini (Peggy Cullen)
Olive paste (optional), Olive oil (preferably, Onion; diced, Fresh ground pepper, Kosher salt, Recipe puff pastry (about 15, Grated Parmesan cheese, Head broccoli, Tomatoes (about 2 1/4-inches, Cremini or Button mushrooms, 
Roll the puff pastry into a rectangle 11 x 15 inches. Transfer it to a 11 x  17-inch sheet tray lined with parchment paper and fit the dough to the tray  exactly. Be sure the dough is evenly rolled - about 3/8-inch thick. Freeze  the sheet tray for about 1/2 hour. Remove the tray from the freezer and  using a fluted 2 1/4-inch round cutter, cut out 24 to 28 circles. Using a  fork, dock each round well in the center, 4 to 6 times; leave a 1/4-inch  rim undocked. The circles can be put back in the freezer for up to 2  months.  Once theyre frozen, they can be stacked and wrapped in plastic  wrap.  Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Heat some oil in a pan and cook the  onions slowly, until they are soft and fully cooked. Season with salt and  pepper. Set aside to cool. Slice the tomatoes about 3/8-inch thick. Cut off  broccoli flowers about 1 1/4 inches around. Cut them as close to the flower  as possible, without them falling apart. Cut the stems off the mushrooms  flush with the bottom of the cap (dont hollow them) and slice as thinly as  possible. Fill a little bowl with about 1-inch of oil. Place the rounds of  dough, upside down on a papered cookie sheet and dock again. Brush about  1/3 with oil, spread about 1/3 with a little olive paste or pesto, and  spoon about 1/2 of the cooled onions on the remaining rounds. Sprinkle each  with Parmesan.  Place a tomato slice on the rounds spread with oil only;  the slice should be the same size or a little smaller than the round of  dough. Garnish with a few strips of fresh basil. Dip each broccoli flower  into the oil, head down, and press it, flower up, into the center of each  round spread with olive paste.  Press a sliced mushroom cap into the center  of each onion round. Slant the cap a little so that the slices separate.  Brush each round generously with oil and sprinkle generously with Parmesan,  salt and pepper.  Bake for about 17 minutes or until the bottoms are  lightly browned. Serve warm.  Yield: about 2 dozen  Recipe By     : BAKERS DOZEN (PEGGY CULLEN) SHOW #BD1A40    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #309    Date: Sat, 23 Nov 1996 22:46:58 -0600    From: Jackie Bordelon <jbord@premier.net>