Chinese Corn Crepes with Grilled Pork
Crushed red pepper flakes, Chinese five-spice powder, Soy sauce, Salad oil, Rice vinegar, Pork tenderloin, CHINESE CORN CREPES, Water, Water, Yellow cornmeal, All-purpose flour, Salad oil, Salt, Hoisin sauce, green onions, GRILLED PORK, Garlic, 
Marinate Grilled Pork. Prepare the crepes.    For the grilled pork: Combine first six ingredients in a shallow bowl. Trim  pork of fat and silvery membrane and add to marinade. Turn to coat. Cover  and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 3 hours, turning several  times.    Lift pork from bowl, reserving marinade. Place on a lightly greased grill 4  to 6 inches above a solid bed of medium-hot coals. Cook, brushing with  marinade and turning 2 or 3 times to brown all sides, until a meat  thermometer inserted in thickest part registers 155 degrees (about 20  minutes). Lift to a carving board and keep warm for about 15 minutes before  slicing.    For the crepes: Whirl all ingredients in a blender. Spray a 6- to 7-inch  crepe pan with vegetable oil cooking spray; heat pan over medium heat until  a drop of water dances on the surface. To cook each crepe, pour 3  tablespoons batter into pan; tilt so batter covers entire surface. Cook  until top of crepe is dry. Carefully turn crepe and brown other side; then  turn out onto a plate. Stack crepes as made. Use more cooking spray as  needed to prevent sticking; stir batter often to keep cornmeal from  settling.    While barbecuing the pork, wrap stacked crepes in foil and reheat in a 350  degree oven until warm (about 15 minutes). To serve, cut pork into thin  slices. Wrap pork in crepes, adding hoisin sauce and onions to taste. This  recipe yields 12 to 14 crepes.    Comments: In northern China, dried and ground corn is used to make jian bin  ~- crisp-chewy, crepelike griddlecakes. Here, theyre wrapped around thinly  sliced barbecued pork for a savory appetizer.    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by Cairn Rodrigues <cairnann@yahoo.com> on Sep  18, 1998, 