Chocolate-Wrapped Hazelnut Cake
CAKE, Semisweet chocolate, GARNISH, hazelnuts, Unsalted margarine, Unsweetened cocoa powder, Hazelnuts, Walnuts, Sugar, Eggs, CREAMY CHOCOLATE FILLING, Semisweet chocolate, Unsalted margarine, Vanilla extract, Coffee, Egg yolks, CHOCOLATE BAND, 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.    Butter (using margarine) three 9- inch cake pans, dust lightly with 1  tablespoon of the cocoa, and place on baking sheets. Set aside.    Place the hazelnuts, walnuts, remaining 2 tablespoons cocoa, and 1/4 cup of  the sugar in a food processor and process until finely ground. Set aside.    Combine the egg yolks and 1/2 cup of the sugar in the bowl of an electric  mixer. Beat until thick and pale yellow. Transfer to a large mixing bowl.  In another clean electric mixer bowl, beat the egg whites until soft peaks  form. With the machine running, gradually pour in the remaining 1/4 cup  sugar and continue beating until stiff but not dry. Stir half of the nut  mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Fold in the remaining nut mixture with  one third of the egg whites. Fold in the remaining egg whites. Spoon the  mixture into the three prepared pans.    Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of  each layer comes out clean and the layers shrink away from the sides of the  pan. Invert onto racks, but do not remove from pans until cool.    Prepare the Creamy Chocolate Filling:    Melt the chocolate in the top of a double boiler over hot water on moderate  heat, stirring until smooth.    Cream the margarine in the bowl of an electric mixer. Beat in the vanilla,  coffee and melted chocolate. Add the egg yolks, one at a time, beating well  after each addition. Beat at high speed for 1 or 2 minutes, until the color  lightens to a pale caramel shade and the mixture is very smooth and light.  Makes about 2 cups.    Turn the pans right side up and run a sharp knife around cakes to loosen.  Place 1 cake round on a large platter and spread with filling, place a  second round on top and spread with filling, top with third round and  spread with filling. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour, or  until firm.    Prepare the Chocolate Band:    Place a large sheet of waxed paper on a work area. Make a band of wax paper  to the height and a little longer than the circumference of the cake.  Spread melted chocolate evenly over the wax paper, 1/8- inch thick. Let set  for 5 minutes, or until the chocolate is no longer shiny but is still  pliable. Makes 1 chocolate band.    Remove the cake from refrigerator. Pick up the Chcolate Band and carefully  wrap it around the cake, pinching the ends together and cutting off the  excess tail with sharp scissors. Refrigerate the cake until the band is  set, about 30 minutes. Carefully peel off the wax paper. Sprinkle chopped  nuts on top of cake. Refrigerate until ready to serve.    NOTE: "This elegant three-layer cake is wrapped in a chocolate band and  garnished with chopped hazelnuts for a dramatic effect. Since no flour is  used, the cake is an ideal choice for a Passover menu." (Judy Zeidler)    Master Chefs Cook Kosher by Judy Zeidler Photographs by Michael Lamotte  Recipe by Mary Bergin of Spago Las Vegas    Chronicle Books, San Francisco, CA 1998 p. 158 ISBN 0-8118-1402-5    Recipe by: Master Chefs Cook Kosher by Judy Zeidler p. 158    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Linda Shapiro <lss@coconet.com> on Aug 11,  1998, 