Vegetarian Chili #1
Bay Leaves, -(up to), Italian tomatoes, canned, Turmeric, chile, Oregano, Kidney beans, canned, olive oil, Onions, Button mushrooms, Garlic, Capsicum, 
This recipe is from my head so please excuse the "translation", it began  with having minced beef and red wine in the ingredients but has gradually  mutated over the years. (n.b. 200gms = about 7oz).    Heat oil over a medium heat in a heavy based saucepan, when hot add the  chopped onion and crushed garlic, fry for a few minutes, add the chopped  capsicum and fry a little longer, add the mushrooms and continue till  mushrooms are just cooked.  (The reason for this, is so the capsicum and  mushrooms are not overcooked especially the mushrooms).    Then add all the remaining ingredients, I usually start with the Tomatoes  and end with the Chile. Bring the pan to a gentle simmer, and simmer  covered/semi-covered for at least an hour, I try and leave mine for 2  hours.    I check the consistency as I go, trying to leave the lid on, then if there  appears too much liquid, leaving it partially on, etc.. stirring  occasionally to prevent sticking. Depends how long I am cooking it for.    A "Crock" pot would probably be ideal for this but I do not have one.    The sauce should end up relatively thick.    ~ The reason I add the chile last is because I add all the rest of the  ingredients, stir them in, then remove a couple of ladels full and cook  that seperately for my 8 year old who doesnt appreciate the pleasures of  chile yet. She has been eating this since 8 months old (mashed up).    ~ We prefer to eat this dish with fresh crusty bread, but are also known to  have it with rice, pasta, as the base for Nachos or Tachos, or  in  "Jaffels" (toasted sandwiches).    ~ It freezes well - very handy for those evenings where the cupboard is  bare.    ~ Leave out the mushrooms and kidney beans and it makes a reasonable Salsa.    steve@musca.digicon-brs.com.au Brisbane, Australia    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.