Vegetable Chicken Stock and Soup
6-7 Pound Chicken; Whole, See Below!!!, 
So many people asked me about stock that I decided to "try" and give  instruction. ( I hope this works!!! ;-) ) This is an easy recipe as long as  you prepare for it about 1 1/2 weeks ahead. Yes.. I know that sounds  strange but read on.    For the week prior to making stock, every time you use a vegetable, raw or  cooked, put the leftovers in a plastic bag and put in freezer. This  includes things such as carrot tops and peelings, potato peelings, onion  skins and ends, that broccoli that will not get eaten, the leftover carrots  that you had for dinner last night, leaves of lettuce that are brown that  you know you wont eat, those extra mushrooms that nobody will eat - any  and all vegetable trimmings. Put them in a gallon sized plastic bag and  save. I have saved whole tomatoes that were not good enough for a salad -  you name it.. if its a vegetable, it gets saved.    Next thing I do is each time I make chicken and trim it up (getting rid of  skin, fat or bones) I put that in a separate bag and stick in the freezer.    On the day you make stock, take all your vegetables out of the freezer,  throw in the huge pot, cover with water, add seasonings (if you like). I  use oregano, thyme, basil, bay leaves and anything else that suits me to  throw in. Throw in some garlic and 1 or 2 large chunked onions. Mix well,  cover and bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce to simmer. Continue as  below. (OR if you want just vegetable stock, just continue to cook as is  for about 2-3 hours, strain, and freeze or add some beans, a few fresh  vegetables and you have a yummy veggie soup)    Now, while that is getting to a boil, take your chicken, removing innards  (if any) and put chicken in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a  boil and cook until done. Juices should run clear, or just chop it open and  look to see (Its about 45 minutes at full boil depending on size). When  chicken is done, remove chicken, reserving water it was cooked in. Allow  chicken to cool (break it apart a bit and throw in the freezer for about  10-15 minutes!). Once its cooled enough to pull the meat off (should still  be warm, but not hot) pull off all meat possible, setting to the side.  Throw skin and any part you dont want to eat into the vegetable pot. Once  the bones are cleaned of meat, put the bones into the vegetable pot and  those innards you saved and also the chicken pieces you had saved and  frozen, and simmer away for about 2 hours.    Meanwhile, take that water the chicken was cooked in and put it in the  refrigerator (or freezer) and leave there until fat has risen to the top.  Skim off fat. Return to pot, add fresh vegetables - carrots, celery,  potatoes, a tomato, garlic, basil or anything else you might like. When  vegetables are almost done, add the chicken you had reserved and heat thru.  And Eat!! (I boil up some flat noodles or I serve the chicken soup over  mashed potatoes)    Now, when stock is done, (I usually ignore it for about 2 - 3 hours only  stirring and adding water if necessary) Remove from heat, and run thru a  strainer. To remove EVERYTHING, spices, pieces of tiny chicken, the little  pieces of broccoli, put a thin cotton towel or cheesecloth into your  strainer and run the stock thru again. It should be free of any pieces. Put  into containers and refrigerate overnight. The next day, skim off fat and  then there are 1 of 2 things you can do:    Freeze in small portions (2 cup containers). Return to pot and reduce in  half - this will be a rich bouillon. Freeze in ice cube trays.    This can also be done with ham, beef, venison... any type of meat you can  eat can be made into stock.    I hope I made this sound easy, because it really is. If you have any  questions, please contact me at Rowaan@earthlink.net    Recipe by: Michelle Piniella (Rowaan@earthlink.net)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #875 by Rowaan <rowaan@earthlink.net> on Oct  29, 1997