Chipotles En Adobo (My Mexico) Pt 1
Ancho chiles; remove seeds &, Water, Cloves garlic; roughly, Sprigs fresh marjoram; OR, Dried marjoram, Sprigs fresh thyme; OR, Dried thyme, Cumin seeds; crushed, Bay leaf; torn to small, olive oil, Mild vinegar (pineapple in, Strong vinegar, Dark brown sugar - firmly, Sea salt, Chipotle chiles (moras);, 
Preface: From The Journey North - Torreon to Chihuahua    This part of Chihuahua is quite an important chile-growing area as well,  and while the greatest part of the crop is dried, fresh chiles are also  used: "chile de arbol", "guajillo" (confusingly called "cascabel" there),  "jalapeno", and "chilaca" or Anaheim. The "chilaca", or "chile verde", the  long slender light green chile that ranges from mild to hot, is the one  featured most commonly in the cooking of Chihuahua. While it is used fresh,  or dried as "chile de la tierra" or "chile colorado", there is an  interesting variation: it is charred and peeled and then hung up to dry,  whole, without removing seeds and veins. In this state it is known as the  "chile pasado". I warn you, if you do this, 1 pound will reduce to 2  ounces. But it is well worth it because when rehydrated before cooking this  chile has a delicious flavor and enhances the stews or "rellenos" or "chile  con queso" in which it is used. In recent years mushroom cultivation has  been introduced, and now the preferred filling for "chiles rellenos" is a  mixture of mushrooms and cheese.    The crop of jalapenos, while still green, is mostly destined for the  canning industry; once they ripen to red, their value is diminished. Not so  many years ago they were simply thrown away in the latter stage, until Don  Juventino Santos, an enterprising man from Tulancingo, Hidalgo, who was in  the chile business, decided to smoke-dry them for "chipotle mora".    When we were driving out from Camargo the following day to visit the Lago  Toronto, the air was filled with the aroma of smoke and chiles, andd there,  a few yards from the roadside, were huge rectangular cement-block  structures about twelve feet high. At intervals around the base were fire  boxes filled with glowing, smoking logs. Spread out in a thin layer over  the slatted surface were deep red, wrinkled jalapenos - the color darkens  as the smoking process progresses. A man with a shovel was turning them  over from time to time. The farther we drove out of twon, the more small  communities ("ejidos") we saw and visited that were also dedicated to  smoking chiles, and as we drove back that afternoon there were trucks  tipping out their loads of the ripened jalapenos onto the newly vacated  smoking beds.    This smoke-drying process takes several days in which time the weight of  the chiles is reduced to one seventh that of the fresh. The smoked chiles  are so cheap that one wonders how on earth anyone makes any money out of it  at all. We bought sackfuls to support the local economy and distributed  them lavishly to all the cooks we knew along the route back and in  Michoacan.    They were extraordinarily picante, owing to the hot, dry summer. A recipe  for them pickled "en escabeche" can be found in "The Art of Mexican  Cooking", and following is a recipe for chipotles "en adobo".    Preserving chiles by smoke-drying dates from pre-columbian times, and the  basic process, albeit with slightly different techniques is still used  today.    Jalapeno chiles - ripened, smoke-dried, and prepared in a pungent sauce for  chipotles "en adobo" - have taken the American gastronomic world by storm.  They are everywhere, the condiment of the decade, mixed with anything and  everything: in sauces, seasoning pastes, soups, salads, breads, etc. (not  yet I sincerely hope, in ice cream). There are two types of "chipotles":  the larger, highly smoked, tobacco-colored one and the smaller  mulberry-colored (as the name implies) "mora" - not to be confused with  "moritas", which are smaller. When I first came to Mexico many years ago,  the larger light-colored chiles were more in evidence, canned in a light  pickle, "escabeche". Today the canning industry seems to favor the "mora",  possibly because its smaller size lends itself to the small cans.    Of the many brands exported from Mexico, my preference is for those packed  in a darker-colored sauce, a real "adobo", rather those in a more acidic,  tomato-based sauce. Of course, it is always interesting to make your own,  without preservatives and fresh, for which I give a recipe here. This  preparation is pungent; a milder version is given in the note that follows  the recipe.    Rinse the chipotle chiles and drain. Pierce each one right through with a    continued in part 2