Chocolate Truffle Dessert
FORMATTED BY TRISH MCKENNA, Bittersweet chocolate, Semisweet chocolate, Whipping cream, Irish cream liqueur, egg yolks, Sugar, white chocolate, White chocolate, 
Chill a small mixing bowl and the beaters of an electric mixer. Meanwhile,  line an 8x8x2-inch pan with clear plastic wrap, extending the plastic wrap  over the edges of the pan; set aside.   In a heavy medium saucepan melt chopped chocolate or chocolate pieces over  very low heat, stirring constantly till the chocolate begins to melt.  Immediately remove from the heat; stir till smooth. Set aside.   In the chilled mi~cing bowl combine whipping cream and 1 tablespoon of the  liqueur. Beat with the chilled beaters on low speed till soft peaks form.  Cover and refrigerate for up to 2 hours or till needed.   In a heavy small saucepan stir together egg yolks, remaining liqueur, and  sugar. Cook and stir with a wire whisk over medium-low heat till mixture is  very thick (about 8 minutes). Remove from heat; pour mixture into a medium  mixing bowl.   Add the melted chocolate, 2 tablespoons at a time, to the hot mixture,  beating on medium speed till combined (the mixture will be thick). Add 1/2  cup of the whipped cream mixture; beat on low speed till smooth. Gently  fold in remaining whipped cream mixture. Spoon the mixture into the  prepared pan, spreading as necessary to make an even layer. Cover and  freeze about 4 hours or till firm enough to cut.   Invert the frozen mixture onto a waxed-paper-lined baking sheet. Carefully  remove plastic wrap. Using 1-, 2-, and 3- inch cookie cutters, cut shapes  from chocolate, dipping cutters into warm water between cuts to prevent  sticking, if necessary.  Cover and return shapes to freezer till serving  time.   To serve, drizzle plates with melted white and/or dark chocolate, if  desired. Top with chocolate cutouts.  If desired, garnish with shaved white  chocolate. Makes about 6 servings.     Nutritional information per serving: 335 cal., 26 g total fat (16 g sat.  fat)[70% calories derived from fat], 123 mg chol., 27 mg sodium, 24 g  carbo., 2 g fiber, and 4 g pro. Daily Values: 27% vit. A, 0% vit. C, 3%  calcium, and 8% iron.    FROM: BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS JANUARY 1996 issue. Formatted by Trish  McKenna and her trusty scanner on 2/8/97 for the February Chocolate Recipe  Robin.    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Robert Ellis" <rpearson@snowcrest.net> on  Nov 5, 1998