Vegetable Terrine
VEGETABLE LAYERS, Dry shiitake mushrooms, Cabbage leaves (preferably, Fresh spinach, stemmed, Fresh asparagas, trimmed, Red bell peppers, cut in, Carrots, cut lengthwise in, Artichoke hearts, drained, BATTER, Buttermilk, Chopped fresh parsley, Dried thyme, Dried tarragon, Shallots, chopped, Tomato sauce, Tomato, peeled and seeded, Buttermilk, Tomato paste, Cayenne pepper, Garlic clove, chopped, salt and pepper, 
TO PREPARE VEGETABLE LAYERS: 1) In small bowl, combine dry mushrooms and  hot water to cover. Let stand 30 minutes. Drain. 2) While mushrooms are  rehydrating, bring large pot of water to boiling. Blanch vegetables in  separate batches in boiling water. Blanch cabbage leaves 3 minutes, spinach  leaves 1 minute, asparagus and red pepper strips 3 minutes, and carrots 4  minutes. Plunge vegetables into ice water after blanching. Drain. 3) Pat  all blanched vegetables, mushrooms, and artichokes dry between 2 to 3  layers of paper towels, applying gentle pressure to squeeze out as much  liquid as possible. (spinach leaves should be opened out flat to assume  original shape) TO MAKE BATTER: 1) In medium bowl combine eggs, 1/2 cup  buttermilk, parsley, thyme, tarragon, shallots, and salt and pepper to  taste. Whisk until blended. (This batter is overseasoned because it will  flavor all the vegetables) TO ASSEMBLE TERRINE: 1) Generously butter 9x5x3  inch loaf pan. Using a triangular-shaped cut, remove 1 to 2 inches of hard  white stem from cabbage leaves to make leaves more flexible. 2) Line sides,  then bottom of pan with cabbage leaf to make leaves, overlapping the leaves  generously to form a "leakproof shell" and allowing leaves to extend well  over the rim of the pan. (The tops of leaves will be folded over the top of  the finished terrine.) Pour 1/2 cup batter over cabbage in bottom of pan.  3) Arrange asparagus spears lengthwise in pan, packing spears tightly  together. Add 2 layers of red pepper strips placed crosswise in pan. Pour  in a little more batter, pressing peppers down gently. 4) Layer mushrooms  over peppers. Layer carrots lengthwise in pan. Pour in a little more  batter, pressing carrots down gently. (Pressing each layer down will raise  the level of the batter) 5) Layer half the spinach leaves over carrots. Add  a layer of artichoke hearts over spinach, then add a little more batter.  Gently press down artichoke hearts. 6) Top with a layer of remaining  spinach leaves, add remaining batter and pressing down each layer. Fold  ends of cabbage leaves over top of terrine. 7) Preheat oven to 350 degrees  F. Cover loaf pan with buttered parchment paper cut to fit inside edge of  pan. Place loaf pan in 13x9x2 inch baking pan. Pour hot water around loaf  pan to depth of 1 inch. 8) Bake at 350 degrees F. for two hours until firm.  Remove from water bath. Cool on rack (still covered with parchment paper) 2  hours. 9) Refrigerate, still covered, overnight. TO MAKE TOMATO SAUCE: 1)  In blender, combine chopped tomato, 1/4 cup buttermilk, tomato paste,  cayenne pepper, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Blend until smooth.  TO SERVE: 1) Loosen edges of terrine with knife. Invert on serving platter.  Cut cold terrine in crosswise slices with serrated knife. 2) Spread a thin  layer of tomato sauce on each serving plate. Arrange slices of terrine over  sauce.