Chilling Facts About Potatoes
Text only, 
The Splendid Table, Tips for Vegetable Cookery    Tips for Vegetable Cookery from Food Scientist Shirley Corriher    A chef or caterer who has a busy day ahead may cut potatoes for French  fries and place them in a large container of ice water in the walk-in  overnight.  The next day when these potatoes are fried, they get very dark  and look done but are raw in the center.  These potatoes fried perfectly  the day before.  What happened?    When potatoes (or a number of starchy vegetables) stay chilled for a period  of time, some of the starch breaks down into sugar.  Now, these higher  sugar content potatoes brown much faster.  The sugar and protein content,  along with the acidity, determine how fast a food will brown. If left at  room temperature for a day or so, the sugars will join back together to  form starch.  If you have whole potatoes stored at a cool temperature, you  may want to leave them at room temperature a day before frying.    Cooks can use this little bit of science to make better low-fat oven fries.  One of the problems with making fake French fries by roasting potato strips  in the oven is that they get not so very brown.  If you soak cut potatoes  overnight in ice water in the refrigerator (maybe even add a little sugar),  steam them a few minutes to partially cook, then toss them in something  alkaline (less acidic) like slightly old egg whites, lightly beaten and  sprinkled generously with herbs,cayenne, salt, pepper and a small amount of  Parmesan, these potatoes will brown nicely in a hot oven. Be generous with  the seasonings. Remember, one of the great problems with low-fat cookery is  lack of flavor.    Copyright 1994, Shirley O. Corriher    Cooking teacher and food consultant Shirley Corriher has been lecturing and  writing about food for over 20 years.  She has made presentations to the  Smithsonian Institution, the American Association for the Advancement of  Science, the International Association of Culinary Professionals, and, in  Europe, at two International Symposiums on Gastronomy and Science. She  lives in Atlanta.    (c) Copyright 1998, Minnesota Public Radio.    MM format by Manny Rothstein, 6/26/98.    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Sep 21, 98