Vegetable Stir Fry
snow peas, mushroom, Ground pepper, Onion, Carrots, Bean sprouts, , Green bell pepper, Sliced, Ginger root, garlic, Crushed red pepper, Zuchinni, 
Heat wok over med-high heat, toss in first seven ingredients, (thru bell  pepper) along with a tablespoon or two of water. Stir fry constantly til  onion is becoming limp, then add zuchinni and bean sprouts. As zuchinni is  softening, add mushrooms, stirring continually (takes 6-10 minutes -  depending on how crisp you want the vegetables) The trick is to add the  quicker-cooking vegetables last, so they dont overcook.    Serve over rice, with soy sauce to taste.    A variation is to use the wok as a steamer: Heat wok as above, and toss  together all ingredients, along with about 1/2 cup of equal parts soy sauce  and water. Quickly stir for a minute or so, then push vegetables up onto  side of wok, and cover. When steam escapes from under cover, vegetables are  done... remove from heat, toss together into a large bowl; serve over rice.    Some of our favorite variations are:    Peas & Carrots Stir Fry -- use only snow peas and sliced carrots. Mushroom  & Onion Stir Fry -- use only onion slices and quartered mushrooms.  Occasionally, well add yakisoba noodles, and forego the rice.    A few notes about wok cooking: I use a hammered steel wok, which might make  the second method possible: the ingred. will stay up on the sides, away  from the very hot bottom, where the liquid is boiling. With a machine-made,  or electric wok, this may not be possible.    I use only water and a brush to clean the wok, never soap, as this will  cause sticking. When clean, I place the wok over heat source to dry, and  wipe the inside with about 1 tsp of olive oil, using a paper towel. Let  cool, and put away... the oil will prevent rusting, and is all the oil  required for your next cooking.    Now, having said all that, I would also second Elizabeths suggestion, and  would welcome any one elses stir fry suggestions!    Source: Original    Posted by doug@getnet.com (Doug Hutter) to the Fatfree Digest [Volume 15  Issue 9] Feb. 9, 1995.    Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe collections  copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen  Mintzias, km@salata.com.    1.80?    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/fatfreex.zip