Vegetable Strudel
Canola oil, CHAMPAGNE CAVIAR, Julienne carrots, Julienne red and green, Olive oil or canola oil, White balsamic vinegar, INFUSED TOMATO OIL, Canola oil, Fresh basil, salt and pepper, olive oil, Fresh dill, chopped, Julienne zucchini, Boursin cheese or light, Julienne celery, Lemon, Box phyllo dough, White wine, Ripe tomatoes, chopped, Minced shallot, Margarine (melted) or canola, Champagne, Beluga caviar, Fresh thyme, 
Saute first ten ingredients in 3 tablespoons canola oil until al dente. Add  white wine, cook an additional five minutes. Remove from heat, add cheese  and mix thoroughly. Set aside to cool. Take two sheets of phyllo dough and  using pastry brush, brush with margarine or oil. Cut phyllo into 8-inch by  8-inch squares. Place the vegetable mixture in the bottom of the phyllo  square, fold over sides and roll up. Brush outside of strudels with  margarine or oil. Bake on rack on a sheet tray at 350 degrees F for 15-18  minutes or until golden brown.    Yield: 8 8-inch strudels    Nutritional Information per serving: 125.8 Calories, 12.1 grams of fat    INFUSED TOMATO OIL (Courtesy of Chef Scott Hunnel, Victoria & Alberts,  Florida ): Place tomatoes and oil in a pot and bring to a boil. Remove from  heat and cool. Once cooled, place oil and tomato mixture in a food blender.  Blend until well-blended. Strain through a sieve or cheesecloth. Yield: 2  cups    Nutrtional information per serving: Per tablespoon: 160 Calories, 18 grams  of fat    CHAMPAGNE CAVIAR VINAIGRETTE: Place vinegar, champagne and lemon juice in a  tall container. With an emulsion blender(can use regular househould  blender), blend slowly while adding both oils. Blend until emulsified;  vinaigrette will be slightly foamy but ingredients will not mix.    Fold in caviar and fresh dill.    Yield: 2 cups    Nutritional Information per serving: Per tablespoon: 82.9 Calories, 9.1  grams of fat    Copyright, 1997, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved (Courtesy of  Chef Scott Hunnel, Victoria and Alberts at Disneys Grand Floridian Beach  Resort)    RECIPE FOR HEALTH SHOW #RHE87    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #605 by Diana Stephens  <mdstephe@ix.netcom.com> on May 11, 1997