Chocolate Paradise Pt 1
Butter, Bittersweet chocolate, Rich espresso coffee, Vanilla extract, Eggs, ?pinch salt, Heavy cream, SABAYON MOUSSELINE, Egg yolks, Sugar, Salt, Champagne or white wine, Heavy cream, CHOCOLATE SAUCE, Dutch-process cocoa, Water, Sugar, Butter, Whipping cream, 
Here is a recipe that went with the chocolate theme. I had this at Towers  restaurant Stars in San Francisco. Very yummy!    When Carolyn Weil and I (Jeremy Towers) developed this dessert, the final  version elicited my comment, in the back of the kitchen at the Santa Fe Bar  & Grill, "Now, that is close to paradise." Hence the name. You will need a  loaf pan 12 by 4 inches and 5 to 6 inches deep, a sheet or jelly roll pan,  and parchment or greaseproof paper.    Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut parchment paper to fit a sheet pan,  butter it, and put the paper in the pan.    Boil a pot of water and lower to a simmer. Put 8 ounces of the chocolate in  a metal bowl over the simmering water until it melts. Remove from the water  and stir in the espresso and vanilla.? Let the mixture cool slightly and  then mix in the egg yolks.    Whip the egg whites and salt together until soft peaks are formed. While  continuing to whip, sprinkle in the sugar gradually and then whip the egg  whites to stiff peaks and until the sugar is dissolved, about 5 more  minutes. Be careful not to over whip. Fold the egg white mixture quickly  but thoroughly into the chocolate mixture. Spread the mixture in the sheet  pan.    Bake until the pastry is firm and has risen evenly, about 20 minutes. Let  cool (it will fall as it does so).    While the cake is cooling, make the chocolate cream. Heat the cream in a  large saucepan and remove from the heat just before it boils. Chop the  remaining chocolate in to small bits, add to the hot cream, and stir until  the chocolate melts. Strain and set aside to cool until it is just warm.    To assemble the chocolate paradise, remove the chocolate pastry from the  sheep pan and remove the paper. Cut into 3 even rectangles just smaller  than the loaf pan. Lice the bottom and sides of the loaf pan with parchment  paper. Pour in a quarter of the chocolate cream then place a layer of the  chocolate pastry on the top. Repeat layers, ending with cream. Refrigerate  until the chocolate is set, about 3 hours.    To unmold, dip the loaf pan in hot water for a few seconds to release the  edges and then turn over into a plate.    To serve, cut the chocolate paradise into 1/2 inch ?thick slices. Serve  with mousseline and drizzle with warmed chocolate sauce.    Sabayon Mousseline Sauce:    The secret to holding sabayon (zabaglione) is to keep whisking it over ice  without stopping until it is quite cold.    Put two trays of ice in a container large enough to just hole a wide,  rather shallow, stainless-steal mixing bowl. Half fill the container with  water and keep this ice bath by the stove. Bring a pot of water that is  large enough to hold the cooking bowl so that it sits half down into the  pot.    Combine the yolks, sugar, and salt in a stainless-steel mixing bowl. Mix  will and add the champagne or wine.    Over barely simmering water, whisk the mixture vigorously until it is thick  and pale yellow, about 10 minutes. Put the cooking bowl immediately into  the ice bath and whisk vigorously again until the sabayon is cool. Keep  chilled. When you want to us the sauce, whip the cream and fold it into the  sabayon.    Chocolate Sauce:    To make the chocolate sauce, mix 4 tablespoons cocoa with just enough of  the water to make a smooth paste. Bring the sugar and remaining water to a  boil and stir into the cocoa. Whisk until smooth and return to the  saucepan. Simmer for 15 minutes, stirring constantly. Let cool a bit. When  the mixture is still warm, stir in the butter and then the cream.    continued in part 2