Any-Fruit-Will-Do Muffins with Streusal Topping Pt1
ANY FRUIT WILL DO MUFFINS, Baking soda, light brown sugar, Brown sugar, Ground cinnamon, Baking Powder, Ground cinnamon, Vanilla extract, fruit, STREUSAL TOPPING, Salt, Butter; unsalted, Finely chopped walnuts, lime, Buttermilk, Vegetable oil, Egg, white flour, 
1. For the topping, mix sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl or work bowl of  a food processor, add butter. If mixing by hand, use fingertips, a pastry  blender, or 2 forks to blend the fat into dry ingredients until mixture  looks like coarse irregular crumbs, with no visible lumps of fat. If mixing  in a food processor, pulse about 10 times, then process 5 to 10 seconds,  until there are no visible lumps of fat-, stir in nuts and set aside.    2. For the muffins, adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to    400 degrees. Lightly grease the top surface of a 12-cup muffin pan- use  liners, if necessary. Whisk 2 1/2 cups flour with next 4 ingredients in a  medium bowl-, set aside.    3. Whisk together next 4 ingredients in a large bowl-, whisk in buttermilk  and vanilla. Gently whisk dry ingredients into wet ingredients to partially  blend. Continue mixing batter with a rubber spatula, making sure that  ingredients at the bottom are incorporated into batter fold in fruit.  (Frozen fruit will help "firm" up batter. If batter seems too wet add a few  more tablespoons of flour, up to 1/4 cup-to stiffen batter.)    4. Using an ice-cream scoop, place a portion of batter into each muffin  cup, filling to the brim. Sprinkle a portion of streusal topping over  batter in each muffin cup.    5. Bake 15 minutes-, reduce heat to 350 degrees and bake until muffins are  golden brown and spring back when lightly pressed with fingertips, 10 to    12 minutes. Let muffins cool in pan for 5 minutes then transfer them to a  wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.    Makes 1 dozen.    Cooks Illustrated, Sept./Oct. 1993,Page 8. Credit: Stephen Schmidt.    Nationality: USA Season:any Courses: batter bread, breakfast Method: baked    Start to Finish 1 1/2 hours Preparation 10 minutes Attention 1 hour  Finishing 5 minutes    Converted from Mangia!, Cooks Illustrated 1993-1995 Cookbook    NOTES : To simplify muffin making, quadruple the streusel topping recipe  and freeze.  Orange, lemon, or lime zests can be used to flavor the  muffins, if you like.  Lemon works well with blueberry-, orange zest with  cranberry or rhubarb-, lime zest with banana chunks.Almost any fruit works  in this recipe.  Good choices include: fresh or frozen rhubarb, diced-,  cranberries, coarsely chopped-,blueberries-, apples, cut into small dice-,  bananas, cut into firm,small chunks-, raspberries-, strawberries, quartered  or cut into small dice-, dried sour cherries or cranberries. To prevent  delicate,highly colored fruits like raspberries, cranberries, and  blueberries from getting mashed and discoloring the batter, use semi frozen  fruit.  It is not necessary to use paper baking liners if the muffin tin is  commercial, glazed, or nonstick.    continued in part 2