Vegetarian Holiday Roast
Water, Whole wheat toast, olive oil, Dried oregano, chopped, Unbleached flour, Lentils, Almond butter, Salt, Garlic, MUSHROOM GRAVY, Butter, Fresh rosemary leaves, Fresh sage, seitan, olive oil, Brown rice, Onions, Millet, Onions, Lentil liquor, Salt, Black pepper, walnuts, Mushrooms, Dried celery seed, 
Cook the lentils, millet, and brown rice separately; and reserve two cups  of the lentil liquor for making Mushroom Gravy. If you are using whole  chestnuts, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rinse the nuts and cut a  cross about 1/2 inch deep in the small, pointed ends. Place the nuts on a  cookie sheet and bake about 20 minutes, then cool for about 10 minutes.  Remove the shells and cut the nuts in quarters.    Mix the cooked grains and lentils with the nuts, bread crumbs, and almond  butter in a large bowl and set aside.    Saute the onions briefly in olive oil, then add the garlic, sage, celery  seed, rosemary, salt, and seitan if used. Saute 2 to 3 minutes longer,  stirring constantly, then add to the other ingredients, mix thoroughly  (mooshing with fingers works best), and put into a large oiled baking dish.  Lightly coat the top of the roast with olive oil, then bake at 350 degrees  F for 1-1/4 hours.  Serve with Mushroom Gravy (below) and garnish with  parsley.    MUSHROOM GRAVY: Separate the mushroom caps from the stems, then quarter the  caps and halve the stems. Saute the onion in olive oil on medium heat for 1  minute, then stir in the oregano and add the mushrooms. Cook, stirring  constantly, until the mushrooms have softened and the bottom of the pan is  covered with liquid.  Set aside.    Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat, then stir in the flour and  cook, stirring constantly, for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the lentil liquor and  water, and continue stirring until the mixture thickens and barely begins  to boil.  Add the mushroom mixture, salt, and pepper, and continue stirring  until the gravy begins to boil. Remove from heat and serve.    * Source: Brigitte Mars in The Herb Companion, October/November 1993 *  Typos by: Karen Mintzias    