Apple Glazed Pork Chops - Victoria
Dried majoram, APPLE CIDER GLAZE, Sugar, Apple cider, Grated lemon zest, Dry Red Wine, Fresh sage and thyme sprigs, Beef broth, (1 3/4-oz) package powdered, HERBED PORK CHOPS, Pork rib chops, cut 2 inches, Dried thyme, Grated orange zest, Unsalted butter, All-purpose flour, Dried summer savory, Vegetable oil, BROWN WINE SAUCE, Dried basil, (8-oz) firm red cooking, 
To make Herbed Pork Chops:    1. Preheat oven to 325F. Rub pork chops on both sides with thyme, marjoram,  basil and savory.    2. In heavy large skillet, brown half the chops in hot oil over medium heat  10 minutes on each side. Repeat@ browning remaining chops.    3. Arrange chops in roasting pan, reserving drippings in skillet for sauce.  Pour beef broth over chops.    4. Cover and bake at 325F for 2 hours until fork tender.    To make Apple Cider Glaze: 1. While pork chops are baking, measure sugar  into a bowl and set aside.    2. In heavy 6-quart pot, combine apples cider, pectin, and grated zests.  Stir until pectin dissolves. Cook, stirring constantly, over medium high  heat until apples are soft and mixture comes to a boil, about 5 minutes.    3. Add sugar. Stir until completely dissolved. Cook stirring constantly, to  a full rolling boil that cannot be stirred down. Boil 65 seconds, stirring  constantly. Remove from heat.    4. Stir gently for 3 minutes. Strain 1 1/2 C to use as a warm glaze for  pork chops.    5. Ladle remaining hot gaze into 2 sterilized pint jars, leaving 1/4 inch  headspace. Seal and refrigerate up to 2 months to use as jam on toast and  muffins.    To make Brown Wine Sauce: 1. When pork chops are done, remove chops from  oven. Keep pork chops warm on platter. Strain pan juices and skim off fat.  Measure 3 C pan juices.    2. Melt butter in skillet with reserved pork chop pan drippings. Stir in  flour until blended.    3. Whisk in pan juices from chops and wine. Cook over medium high heat  stirring constantly, until thickened and boiling. Reduce heat to medium low  and simmer 3 minutes, stirring occasionally.    To serve: 1. Ladle brown sauce onto 6 servings plates. Arrange a pork chop  in center of each plate. Spoon warm apple glaze over chops.    2. Garnish with sage and thyme sprigs.    Victoria/February/92  Scanned & fixed by Di and Gary