Vegan Oatmeal Chocolate-Chip Cookies
Vegan chocolate chips, Soy margarine, banana, Vanilla, Water, Baking Powder, brown sugar, Table sugar, All-purpose flour, Rolled oats, 
Method    Beat together the margarine and sugars. Electric mixers are unnecessary.  Add the well-mashed banana and mix well. (If the banana peel isnt, like,  spotted black, cover the mashed banana with the juice of half a lemon for  about 15 minutes before incorporating it into the mix.) Then add the  vanilla, then the water. The water will try to separate; keep mixing with a  figure-eight motion and add the dry ingredients, in the order above, bit by  bit (say, by half-cup increments). (The baking powder should be stirred  into the flour before adding to the mixture to guarantee dispersion.)    The final batter should be almost too dry to hold the chocolate chips; if  it isnt, Ive misrepresented the amount of flour or oats you need and you  should add more or less, according to the problem. Dry batter is good,  since any chips that fall off the batter can go directly into your mouth,  and no one will miss them.    Bake them for 10 or 12 minutes in a pre-heated oven at 375 degrees  Farenheit on an ungreased cookie sheet. Cook them longer if you prefer a  hard cookie, but be aware that bananas only approximate the action of an  egg in the mix, and you can get cookies as hard as the cookie sheet if you  arent careful.    Let them congeal on the sheet for a moment after removing them from the  oven, then cool on a plate or a wire rack. Store in an air-tight container.  They taste even better after they sit overnight or in the fridge.    Vegan means "strict vegetarian." These cookies contain no ingredients  derived from animals. (The only exception is the table sugar, which is  refined, in some cases, by filtering through animal bones. However, many  strict vegetarians will eat foods containing refined sugar.)    When preparing this recipe and any other food you enjoy, please use  organically-grown vegetables, fruits, grains, and flavorings. The Earth you  save may be your own.    Per serving: 2 Calories; 0g Fat (0% calories from fat); 0g Protein; 1g  Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 363mg Sodium    Recipe by: Stephane Corbe <scorbe@miya.cs.it-chiba.ac.jp>    From The Chocolate Archives, Dec 1997, http://www.choco.com