Vegan Lasagna
olive oil, TOFU RICOTTA, Nutmeg, VEGETABLE FILLING, olive oil, Zucchini, rock salt, Garlic, Tofu, firm, Oregano, dried, Paprika, sweet Hungarian, Noodles, lasagna, Basil, dried, NOODLES, Oil, olive, extra virgin, Mushrooms, Spaghetti sauce vegetarian, Spinach, frozen; chopped, rock salt, Black Pepper, 
Prepare lasagna noodles. Bring water to boil in a large pot and add pasta  and olive oil. Return to a boil and simmer, stirring once or twice to  prevent sticking. Cook for time indicated on package for al dente  consistency. Drain, rinse thoroughly under cold water, and lay out on clean  towels. Cover with a towel to prevent drying.    Prepare ricotta. Crumble three-fourths of the tofu (12 oz) in a food  processor or blender. Add oil, salt and nutmet. Process only until mixture  is slightly lumpy. Finely crumble remaining tofu into mixture and set  aside.    Using 1 tablespoon of the garlic oil for each batch, cook zucchini in a  single layer in several batches, in a large skillet. Sprinkle each batch of  zucchini generously with basil, oregano, paprika, salt and pepper. If the  slices are thin enough, you will not need to turn them. Saute until bright  green and tender-crisp. Remove from skillet and set aside.    Add remaining 1 tablespoon garlic oil to skillet. Toss in mushrooms and  saute until tender and slightly brown on edges. Remove from skillet and set  aside.    Steam spinach until defrosted. Squeeze to remove excess water and set  aside.    Preheat oven to 350. Lightly brush a shallow 9 x 13-inch baking dish with  olive oil. Place a scant ladle of spaghetti sauce in dish and spread over  bottom. Put a layer of 3 noodles on top of the sauce. Cover with a thick  masking or ricotta. Top with layers of zucchini, mushrooms, spinach and  salt and pepper to taste. Repeat layers of spaghetti sauce, pasta, ricotta,  zucchini, mushrooms, spinach and seasonings twice more, reserving 3 lasagna  noodles, 1/2 to 3/4 cup ricotta, and 2 tablespoons spaghetti sauce for  final layer.    End with a final pasta layer, a masking of ricotta, and a thin brushing of  spaghetti sauce. Dust with basil, oregano and paprika. Cover with foil.  Bake 45 minutes, then cool a few minutes before cutting. Serve hot.    From files of Dianne Smith. Formatted by Dianne Smith/DEEANNE    