Apple Dumplings
PASTRY WRAPPING, FILLING, Water, Brown Sugar; firmly packed, (recommend Granny Smith), Butter or margarine, Cinnamon, GLAZE, All-purpose Flour; sifted, Salt, Butter or Margarine; chilled, Cold Water; (up to 5), Apple; peeled; cored and, Brown sugar, 
The Cook & Kitchen Staff will be offering you four different Thanksgiving  Day Dinner menus during November, and were about to finish our first  recipe collection featuring "Thanksgiving Day Dinner for Two" recipes,  right now.    Todays recipe is a fantastic finish for your Thanksgiving Day dinner for  two. A tart apple is wrapped in a delicious pastry and baked until soft and  delectable. Once again, you can save a little time by preparing the pastry  a day in advance of your meal.    If you still have an appetite after dinner, try topping todays recipe with  a scoop of vanilla ice cream or freshly whipped cream and a dash of  cinnamon. Its simply delightful.    Pre-heat oven to 375-F Degrees.    Prepare pastry wrap by sifting flour and salt into a small mixing bowl. Cut  butter or margarine into the dry mixture with a fork until crumbly. Add the  water, one tablespoon at a time, and continue to mix the dough with a fork  until moist. Refrigerate the dough for at least a half-hour prior to  rolling.    Roll pastry dough large enough to accommodate each apple section and at  least 1/8-inch thick. Use a butter knife or pizza cutting wheel to cut the  dough into two sections.    Center each apple half onto a section of dough. Place a teaspoon of butter  or margarine onto the cored area. Add a teaspoon of brown sugar, and  sprinkle cinnamon over the buttered core section.    Pick up a section and fold the dough on three sides toward the core. Seal  the dumpling by pinching the opened dough sections together. Wet lightly  with water, if necessary, to seal the folds.    Place in a deep oven dish. Mix the water and brown sugar together to make  the glaze and pour over the dumplings.    Place the dish in the oven and bake for 30 minutes, or until golden brown.  Serve warm after cooling from the oven for about 10 minutes.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Nov 5, 1998, 