Lamb Kebabs X
(125 ml) whole cloves, (125 ml) whole cumin seeds, (60 ml) whole coriander, (125 ml) whole black, (900 g) boneless leg of, Inch (4 cm) cubes, (5 ml) ground cumin, (2 ml) turmeric, (10 ml) salt, (60 ml) unflavored yogurt, (60 ml) finely chopped, (30 ml) finely chopped fresh, (30 ml) scraped, finely, (5 ml) finely chopped garlic, (30 ml) garam masala (see, Garam masala, Three inch (8 cm) pieces, (250 ml) whole cardamom, 
Place the lamb in a deep bowl and sprinkle it with cumin, turmeric and  salt, turning the cubes about with a spoon to coat them evenly. Add the  yogurt, onions, coriander, ginger and garlic, and toss the ingredients  together until thoroughly blended. Marinate the lamb (covered loosely with  foil) at room temperature for at least 2 hours or in the refrigerator for 4  to 6 hours. Light a layer of coals in a charcoal broiler and let them burn  until white ash appears on the surface, or preheat the broiler of your  kitchen stove to the highest possible point. Remove the lamb from the  marinade and string it on 3 or 4 long skewers, pressing the cubes tightly  together. If you plan to broil the lamb in the stove, suspend the skewers  side by side across the length or width of a large baking pan, preferable  lined with an open-meshed racked upon which the bottom of the meat can  rest. Broil about 3 inches (8 cm) from the heat, turning the skewers  occasionally, for 10 to 20 minutes, or until the lamb is brown and is done  to your taste. To serve, slide the lamb off the skewers with a knife, mound  it attractively on a heated platter, and sprinkle it with garam masala.    GARAM MASALA Preheat the oven to 200F (90C). Spread the cinnamon, cardamom,  cloves, cumin, coriander and peppercorns in one layer in a large shallow  roasting pan. Roast on the bottom shelf of the oven for 30 minutes,  stirring and turning the mixture two or three times with a large spoon. Do  not let the spices brown. Break open the cardamom pods between your fingers  or place them one at a time on a flat surface and press down on the pod  with the ball of your thumb to snap it open. Pull the pod away from the  seeds inside and discard it. Set the seeds aside. Place the roasted  cinnamon sticks between the two layers of a folded linen towel and pound  them with a rolling pin or a kitchen mallet until they are finely crushed.  Combine the cardamom seeds, crushed cinnamon, cloves, cumin seeds,  coriander seeds and peppercorns in a small pan or bowl and stir them  together until they are well mixed. Grind the spices a cup or so at a time  by pouring them into the jar of an electric blender and blending at high  speed for 2 or 3 minutes, until they are completely pulverized and become a  smooth powder. If the machine clogs and stops, turn it off, stir the spices  once or twice, then continue blending. As each cupful of spices is ground,  transfer it to a jar or bottle with a tightly fitting lid. Garam masala may  be stored at room temperature in an airtight container, and will retain its  full flavor for 5 or 6 months.    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by Julie Bertholf & Simon Wood  <jewel1@ix.netcom.com> on Sep 06, 1998