Vanilla Angel Food Cake with Mango-Ginger Sauce
Salt, Cream of tartar, MANGO-GINGER SAUCE, Sugar, Vanilla extract, Powdered sugar, Fresh lime juice, Mangoes, Crystallized ginger, Crystallized ginger, Warm water, Egg whites, Cake Flour, Sugar, 
Preheat oven to 350F. Sift 1/2 cup sugar, flour and salt into medium bowl  5 times. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in large (at least 4-quart)  bowl until foamy. Add 2 teaspoons warm water and cream of tartar and beat  until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining 1 cup sugar and vanilla and  beat until stiff but not dry. Sift sugar-flour mixture over whites 1/4 cup  at a time and gently fold in.    Transfer batter to ungreased 12-cup angel food cake pan with removable  bottom (do not use nonstick pan).    Bake until cake is light golden, top springs back when touched lightly and  cake begins to pull away from sides of pan, about 45 minutes. Remove cake  from oven. Turn cake upside down; place center tube of pan over narrow  bottle neck or funnel. Cool cake completely.    Using knife, cut around sides and center tube of pan to loosen cake. Push  up cake. Cut cake from bottom of pan. Transfer to platter. (Can be made 1  day ahead. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and store at room temperature.)  dust cake with powdered sugar. Garnish with crystallized ginger, if  desired. Serve with Mango-Ginger Sauce.    Mango-Ginger Sauce: Place 1 cup chopped mangoes in medium bowl. Combine  remaining 1 3/4 cups chopped mangoes an sugar in processor. Puree until  smooth. Add to bowl with chopped mangoes. Stir in crystallized ginger and  lime juice. Let stand at let 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead.  Cover and refrigerate.)    Tarla Fallgatter has been teaching cooking classes for more than 15 years.  She was trained in France at Le Cordon Bleu, La Varenne and Ecole Lenotre    Printed in Bon Appetit April 1998    Typed and Busted by Carriej999@AOL.com 4/98    Recipe by: Tarla Fallgatter    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Carriej999 <Carriej999@aol.com> on Apr 5,  1998