Vegan Persian Tomato Soup
Chopped fresh parsley, Juice of 1/2 lemon, salt and pepper, onions, Dried dill, Garam masala, tomatoes, Tomato paste, Sun dried tomatoes, garlic, vegetable soup, Basmati rice, 
Rehydrate sun dried tomatoes (if they are the dry kind) and chop, quantity  is flexible. If you dont use them then add some extra tomato paste.    Wash rice according to instructions on the package. (Basmati rice is  handled differently than plain American rice.)    Saute onions until brown but not caramelized. Combine everything except,  parsley, lemon and rice in a stock pot. Simmer covered until tomatoes  "dissolve" or "melt". This probably takes 45-60 minutes.    At this stage, remove the solids and puree them in a food processor with a  bit of the liquid and return to the pot. Stir into broth in the pan and  start simmering again.    Add the remaining ingredients, i.e., rice, parsley and lemon juice and  continue to cook until the rice is done, which will be about twenty minutes  for basmati rice. (The rice should be a bit "overdone" for this recipe  compared to how you would fix it for a standard rice dish.)    Note that fresh parsley is essential and gives the recipe a characteristic  flavor. Dont bother to make the recipe of you dont have fresh. It will  seem like a lot of parsley. Use it anyway. Perhaps the recipe should have  been called parsley tomato soup.    The timings are approximate. Its hard to overcook this soup. If you dont  cook it long enough, the flavors dont meld together as well but there is  still a lot of flexibility.    *About garam masala. It is used in Indian cooking and any Indian grocery  store will have it. It is a mixture like curry powder. And like curry  powder, no two versions are identical. Any version will do. If you cant  get it, you can make your own. For purposes of this recipe I would suggest  substituting something on this order in amounts to give you 2 - 2 1/2 tsp:    about equal amounts of ground cumin and ground coriander pinch of ground  cinnamon tiny pinch of cayenne pinch of black pepper Posted to fatfree  digest V97 #140 by Mezzatesta@aol.com on Jul 5, 1997