Veal Ravioli
Butter, DOUGH, Butter, Flour, Veal, Bread crumbs, Boiling water, FILLING, Onion, Egg, Salt, Parmesan cheese, Parsley, 
Prepare the Dough: Put the flour in a bowl. Add the butter in thin slices,  then the salt. Stir in the cup of boiling water, and mix together with a  large fork or chopsticks. When the mixture has formed a mass, take it out  of the bowl and place on a well-floured board and knead it until it becomes  a soft, sticky dough that is rather easy to work and roll out. Form the  kneaded dough into a ball and place it back in the bowl. Cover with plastic  wrap so that it does not dry out while it rests.    Prepare the Filling: Melt the butter in a skillet. Add the onion and saute  for about 5 minutes. Add the veal and cook until the meat is no longer  pink, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in the egg, cheese,  bread crumbs, and seasonings. Taste and add more salt and pepper, if  necessary. Let cool completely before stuffing the ravioli.    To Assemble:    1. Clear a large work area and flour the surface well. Keep the flour  nearby to dust the work surface and hands as you work. Prepare a lightly  floured tray or cookie sheet to put the formed ravioli on.    2. Cut the dough in half. Leave half in the bowl and cover. Cut the other  half in half again. Roll each piece into a large rectangle about as thin as  a penny. Cut the 2 rectangles into strips about 3 inches wide.    3. Place teaspoonfuls of filling in mounds along one strip, spacing them at  least 2 inches apart. Cover with another 3-inch wide strip. Press down on  the dough around each mound of filling. Repeat with remaining dough.    4. Using a 2 1/2-inch round cookie cutter, a pastry wheel, or even a knife,  cut out each round or square of ravioli. Make sure the edges are well  sealed and that the filling is not leaking out. Place the sealed ravioli on  the prepared tray and cover with a kitchen towel that has been well dredged  with flour. The ravioli can wait for several hours before they are cooked.  Turn them over every once in a while so that they dry evenly. (The ravioli  can be frozen at this point for future use.)    5. Bring 6 to 8 quarts of salted water to a boil and drop in 6 to 10  ravioli at a time. Cook 1 minute more after they rise to the surface.    6. Remove with a slotted spoon and place them in a warm bowl that has been  filmed with melted butter. Pour a little melted butter over the ravioli and  keep them warm while you cook the rest. Pour melted butter over each batch  of new arrivals.    7. Serve with grated Parmesan cheese or tomato sauce.    Source: "The Dumpling Cookbook" by Maria Polushkin    Date: Sun, 23 Jun 1996 16:30:31 GMT    From: Linda Place <placel@worldnet.att.net>    MM-Recipes Digest V3 #174    From the MealMaster recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.