Vanilla Slice
Philadelphia cheese, Sugar, Very hot water, Lattice bisquits (see note), Envelope gelatine, Un-salted butter, Dessert spoon vanilla, 
Date: Sun, 3 Mar 96 19:09:35 EST    submitted by: reidar@thehub.com.au  Note: Lattice Bisquits have a lattice shaped pattern on one side; they are  only slightly sweet: from the glazed pattern side, I think. They come in  packets of twenty. I believe you will be able to substitute other, similar,  bisquits if the Lattice ones are not available at your end.)    Cream together the butter and Philadelphia cheese, add the gelatine which  has been dissolved in the hot water. Add the sugar and the vanilla essence.  I have then used my liquidizer to get this mix real well creamed and  smooth.    Cover a flat oven-tray with Al-foil. Take the bisquits from one of the  packets and place with the patterned side down.    Then pour the mix over the bisquits, and spread it. It will be very runny  but try to cover the bisquits without the mix running beyond them. The mix  will firm up considerably when cooling; also, it will cure so that the  sugar grains, which is easily disernible in the fresh mix, seem to  disappear.    Then place the bisquits from the other packet on top of the mix, with the  patterned side up. Make certain that the top bisquit positions correspond  fairly accurately with the bottom ones; if not, the slices will be a mess  when you cut them.    Put the tray in the frige. When cooled, cut into individual slices.    I would never have contemplated making any kind of cake with this sort of  ingredients. I judged the calories to be too many. And I mis-judged the  taste to be too rich and nauseating. It was not; the stuff was angel-food.    The reason I made these slices was simple: I was given the recipe AFTER I  had been offered the slices. By then I had eaten one. And was hooked.  Reidar Frydenlund, Brisbane Australia    DAVE <DAVIDG@CLAM.RUTGERS.EDU>    RECIPEINTERNET LIST SERVER    From the RECIPEinternet: Recipes from Around the World recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.