Apple Pie
PIE CRUST, Vanilla extract, unsalted butter, unsalted butter, FILLING, Egg, Ground nutmeg, Unsalted butter, Vegetable shortening, Salt, orange rind, Honey, Ground ginger, Granulated sugar, All-purpose flour, All-purpose flour, All-purpose flour, CRUMB TOPPING, dark brown sugar, Ground cinnamon, orange juice, Salt, Ground cinnamon, Salt, Ice water, Granny Smith apples, Orange rind, 
1. For pie crust, sift flour and salt into large bowl. Cut in butter and  shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add orange rind. Sprinkle  in juice and water,. 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing with fork until flour  is moistened and soft dough forms. Shape into ball. Refrigerate, covered, 1  hour.    2. For crumb topping, mix flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt and ginger.  Work in butter with fingers until mixture is crumbly.    3. For filling, peel core and cut apples into 1/2-inch slices. Put slices  in large bowl; toss with 1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons flour. Add sugar, cinnamon,  orange rind, vanilla extract, nutmeg and salt. Stir in honey; let stand 1  hour.    4. Heat oven to 450 degrees. Roll half of dough into a circle; fit in  metal, 9-inch pie pan. Trim edge. Drain liquid from apples, reserve. Set  1/4 cup of the crumb topping aside. Layer apples with remaining crumbs in  dough-lined pan. Use crumbs like mortar to build fruit up. Dot apples with  1 1/2 tablespoons butter. Sprinkle with 5 tablespoons reserved apple  liquid.    5. Roll out remaining dough; cut with knife or fluted pastry wheel into  1/2-inch-wide strips. Weave strips into lattice over fruit. Seal strips at  edge of pan, moistening with apple liquid. Flute edge. Sprinkle reserved  crumbs in holes of lattice. Brush only crust edge and strips with beaten  egg.    6. Bake on foil-lined baking sheet at 450 degrees, 5 minutes. Reduce oven  temperature to 350 degrees; bake until apples are tender, 50 to 55 more  minutes (or only 40 minutes if you like crunchier apples). Cool on wire  rack to room temperature.    NOTE: Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream flavored with vanilla  sugar and orange-flavored liqueur.    Posted By japlady@nwu.edu (Rebecca Radnor) On rec.food.recipes or  rec.food.cooking    