Apple Flan with Cinnamon Caramel Sauce
APPLE FLAN, CINNAMON CARAMEL, Egg yolks, Eggs, Half-and-half milk, Water, Cinnamon, Sugar, Water, Vanilla, Unsweetened applesauce, Sugar, 
*For the Cinnamon Caramel Sauce, combine 1 cup of the sugar and 1/3 cup of  the water in a medium saucepan set on medium-high heat. Bring to a boil,  swirling the pan over the heat to dissolve the sugar - dont stir the  mixture. Cover the pan tightly and boil for 4-5 minutes, until the bubbles  are thick and large. Uncover and continue boiling, swirling the pan  constantly in a circular motion. Once the color begins to darken, continue  to cook for approximately 1 minute longer, until light brown in color.  Remove from the heat and keep swirling the pan, as the caramel will  continue to darken from the heat in the pan. Add the cinnamon and swirl to  mix it into the caramel. Pour the caramel into a 2-quart (2-1) round glass  baking dish that is approximately 8-9 inches (20-23 cm) wide at the top,  turning to coat the bottom and halfway up the sides with whe caramel. Set  aside.    *For the Apple Flan, preheat the oven to 350F (180C). Bring the 5 cups of  water to a boil and keep at a simmer until needed. In a medium bowl, whisk  together the egg yolks, eggs and the sugar. Stir in the half-and-half milk,  applesauce and vanilla. Pour into the caramel-coated bowl and set the bowl  of custard into a 9x13-inch (23x33-cm) baking dish. Place the custard in  the oven and pour the boiling water into the larger baking dish. sake for  90 mins, until the edges are just set and the center is still slightly  liquid. Remove from the oven and cool for 15 minutes. Cover and refrigerate  for at least 2 hours or overnight.    To unmold, place the baking dish in a pan of hot water for 1 minute to  soften the caramel. Place a serving plate over the custard and invert the 2  dishes. Cut into wedges and drizzle with some of doe sauce before serving.    REF: Nick Stellinos Mediterranean Flavors (PBS Companion Book for Cucina  Amore, a cooking show) ISBN 0399142665    McRecipe - PatHanneman - 30 Sep 97.    Recipe by: Nick Stellinos Mediterranean Flavors    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #821 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Sep 30, 1997