Veal Loin Chops with Double Tomato Sauce
Olive oil - extra-virgin, Anchovy paste - 2 pencil, Freshly ground black pepper,, Actually 1/2 to 3/4 cup, Salt to taste, Whole peeled tomatoes -, Pasta - preferably rotini,, Basil - fresh, chopped OR, Tabasco, Veal loin chops - 1 to, Clove garlic - minced, Or shiitake - thinly sliced, Sun-dried tomatoes -, Reserved tomato juice from, Shallots - finely chopped, Mushrooms - imported, such, Red wine - quality dry wine, Butter, Drained, juice retained,, Water for 1 to 2 minutes,, 
*DIRECTIONS*    Bring veal chops to room temperature.  Season with freshly ground coarse  black pepper on both sides, pressing pepper into chops. Melt butter and  olive oil in large, deep-sided frying pan. Brown chops on medium-high heat  until well browned, about 5 minutes per side. Remove and cover with plastic  wrap to keep warm.    Add chopped shallots to frying pan and saute, stirring occasionally, about  3 minutes. Add garlic and continue sauteeing, stirring constantly, another  minute or so. Add sliced mushrooms and saute for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring  occasionally. Reduce heat to medium and add sun-dried tomatoes, chopped  tomatoes, anchovy paste, Tabasco, basil, red wine and 1/2 cup reserved  tomato juice. Cook on medium heat UNCOVERED approximately 15 minutes. If  sauce gets too thick, thin with remaining tomato juice, keeping in mind the  fact that the pasta will thin sauce slightly. Taste and correct seasoning,  adding more basil if desired along with salt and black pepper. Add veal  chops to sauce mixture, along with any meat juices that have accumulated on  plate, sinking chops as best as possible. Cook UNCOVERED about 10 minutes,  and then flip chops. Cook another 5 minutes UNCOVERED and again remove  chops to plate and cover with plastic wrap to keep warm. (Do not overcook  the veal!)    Add cooked pasta to sauce and heat on medium-low about 5 minutes, stirring  occasionally, until pasta is warm. Taste and correct seasoning.    Serve pasta on large platter with veal chops and sprinkle freshly grated  imported Romano on top of pasta.    Serves 4.    Serve with Caesar Salad or Spinach Salad and garlic bread. Something lemony  would be great for dessert, like Lemon Ice or Lemon Cheesecake.    Recipe by Michelle Bass, derived from Grilled Veal Chops with Double Tomato  Relish printed in Bon Appetit, June, 1991.    