Veal Potato Stew with Sour Onion and Cabbage
Malt vinegar, approximate, Potato chunks, Potato rolls or bread, Parsnips, chunked, Dijon mustard, as noted, Finely shredded carrot, to, Red wine, such as Cabernet, Freshly ground black pepper,, Sprig fresh rosemary, Red cabbage, thinly sliced, Veal, cubed, trimmed and, Cube mushroom gravy, or, ASIDES, White onions, thinly sliced, Water, approximate, RELISH, Canola oil, butter flavored, Chopped fresh parsley, to, 
Trim and flatten the cubes of lean meat; then cut into 1-inch pieces. Heat  nonstick (2 qt) saucepan to high; sear and brown the meat. Deglaze and  "proof" with wine. Add water, mushroom base, chunks of vegetables, rosemary  and mustard. Reduce heat, and simmer uncovered about 20 mins (to reduce  stock). Complete the cooking on low, covered until done (about 50 mins or  so.)    In a nonstick (1 qt) saucepan, heat the canola til runny; add the cabbage,  then the onion and cook for about 5 or 6 minutes until all is magenta and  the aroma is blended. Add the malt vinegar, and swirl. Remove from heat,  cover and set aside on the counter until needed to top the stew. Serves 2  at 320 cals, 7.4 g fat, 20.4% cff (mc3 estimates exclude bread.)    COOKsNOTEs: Ive over-cooked this stew but it did not disintegrate; it does  melt in the mouth: about 2-1/2 hrs simmer; reheat for dinner. * Suitable  for make-ahead and reheat, adding water as needed. * You can make more  relish; it usually disappears. * We used A DIJON Mustard Salad Dressing  ("fat free") seasoned with lemon juice, a hint of tarragon, garlic, dried  onion, and celery salt. * Irish soda bread is good with this as is potato  rolls. Fresh parsley and finely shredded carrot add the crispies. * Use  lean boneless veal, pork, or lamb. * Choose a variety of potato. * Puree a  potato and use as thickener. * We use reduced salt bouillon.    Recipe by: PAT Hanneman (1997) Two4lite.mcf Posted to Digest  eat-lf.v097.n070 by PATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 15, 1997