Veal Breast and Turkey Loaf W Crispy Onion Rings
Carrots; peeled and roughly, Recipe crispy onions; see, Vidalia onion; peeled and, Salt, milk, White wine, Sweet red pepper; seeds and, Black Pepper, Eggs, Breast of veal; boneless and, Freshly ground turkey, Grated Parmesan cheese, Cloves garlic; peeled, Bread crumbs, Pistachio nuts; shelled, 
Have your butcher cut a pocket the in the veal breast suitable for  stuffing. If you wish to try this yourself lay the breast flat on a  workspace. Insert a knife between the layers of meat at roughly the middle  of the breast so that your knife is parallel to the table. There is a  natural layer in the middle of the breast that is easily separated and is  visible between the layers of meat and thin layer of fat. This is where the  pocket is most easily made for stuffing. Take the time to look for it.  Leave an opened edge around the veal on three sides about 1 inch wide.    After you have made the pocket begin the turkey stuffing. Quickly chop, in  a food processor, the red pepper, onion, carrots and garlic, taking care  not to over chop. Add the chopped vegetables to the turkey in a large bowl  and combine well with the eggs, milk, cheese and bread crumbs. If the  mixture is too stiff pour in a few tablespoons of cold water. Fold in the  nuts, season with salt and pepper.    Spread the veal pocket open and begin to stuff the veal, using your hands,  as evenly as possible. The stuffing should fill the cavity in as even a  layer as possible. After the veal has been stuffed, fold the opening  together, tucking in any excess in order to close the opening. The opening  may be sealed closed with skewers, toothpicks, sewn closed or tied in a  roll.    Heat a large deep stovetop braising pan or casserole over medium heat. Add  the olive oil and, when hot, brown the veal well on all sides. After the  veal has browned to a dark and rich color, add the wine and bring it to a  boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, place a lid on the pan and cook the veal  slowly and gently for 2 to 2 1/2 hours. If the pan dries out and the veal  begins to stick add a few ounces of water to keep the pan moist.    After the veal has cooked, allow to rest for 15 minutes and serve. The veal  and turkey loaf may be served either hot with crispy onions(see recipe) or  cold with a vinaigrette.    Yield: 6 to 8 servings.    c. Michael Lomonaco 1997 MICHAELS PLACE SHOW #ML1B11    Recipe by: Michael Lomonaco    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #808 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Sep 26, 1997