Valentine Heart Tarts
STRAWBERRY CREAM FILLING, Granulated sugar, Fresh mint sprigs, Salt, Fresh ripe strawberries,, Light cream cheese or, Skim milk or water, or as, Chambord or Creme de Cassis, Unflavored gelatin, Crisp chocolate wafer, Vanilla nonfat or low-fat, Fresh Lemon Juice, CHOCOLATE CRUMB CRUST, Ground cinnamon, Fresh orange juice or water, Fresh whole strawberries,, Strawberry preserves, Canola or sunflower oil, Unsalted butter, melted, 
Place chocolate wafers in the workbowl of a food processor and pulse to  form crumbs. Or place the cookies in a closed plastic bag and roll with a  rolling pin to form crumbs. In the processor or in a bowl, combine the  crumbs with all the other ingredients and pulse or toss until the crumbs  are evenly moistened. They should hold together well when squeezed between  your fingers; add a few drops more liquid if needed.    Press the crumb mixture into eight 3 to 4-inch heart shaped tartlet molds,  oven-proof Pyrex or metal, and refrigerate them to set while you prepare  the filling.    Measure the yogurt into a cheese cloth-lined strainer set over a bowl and  drain for about 30 minutes/ you should have about 1 1/4 cups of yogurt.  Discard the liquid (or drink it, it is high in calcium).    Halve the strawberries and set aside.    In a food processor or blender, mix together quickly the cream cheese and  sugar. Add the drained yogurt, halved berries, preserves, Chambord or  cassis if used, and salt; pulse to blend but do not puree completely--there  should still be some pieces of berries.    In a small nonreactive saucepan, combine the orange juice and lemon juice.  Sprinkle on the gelatin and let stand for about 3 minutes to soften. Stir  the mixture over low heat just until the gelatin dissolves; do not boil.  Remove from heat and stir in a few tablespoons of the strawberry cream to  cool the gelatin. Then pour the gelatin mixture into the strawberry cream  and pulse or stir to blend in. Fill the tartlet molds. Chill at least 3  hours, or overnight. Before serving, garnish each tartlet with a whole  fresh strawberry or slices fanned out, or a mint sprig.    Yield: 8 tartlets    NOTES : (Courtesy of Let Them Eat Cake, by Susan Purdy)    Recipe by: Cooking LIve Show #CL8821    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #490 by Angele Freeman <jfreeman@netusa1.net>  on Mar 1, 1997.