Veal Shanks, Artichoke Hearts, and Chick-Peas with Preserved
FOURDAY PRESERVED LEMON ZES, Onion, Fresh Lemon Juice, 2-inch-thick veal shanks; (5, Lemons, Dried chick-peas; picked, olive oil, Packed fresh coriander, (10-ounce) frozen artichoke, Four-day preserved lemon, Coarse kosher salt, 
Make four-day preserved lemon zest: Scrub lemons and with a vegetable  peeler remove zest in strips. In a saucepan of boiling water blanch zest 1  minute and drain in a sieve. Transfer zest to a glass jar (about 1-cup  capacity). Add salt and juice, pressing zest down to keep it covered by  lemon juice, and cover jar with a tight-fitting glass lid or plastic-coated  lid. Let zest stand at room temperature 4 days, shaking jar each day.  Preserved lemon zest keeps, covered and chilled, 6 months. Makes about 1/2  cup.    make the veal: Preheat oven to 275F.    In a heavy kettle large enough to hold veal shanks in one layer without  crowding arrange shanks and season with salt and pepper. Roast shanks in  middle of oven, covered tightly, 3 hours, or until tender. (Meat will give  off juices as it cooks.)    While shanks are roasting, in a large saucepan combine chick-peas with  enough water to cover by 4 inches and simmer, covered partially, 1 1/2 to 2  hours, or until tender but not falling apart. Drain chick-peas in a  colander. Chick-peas may be cooked 2 days ahead, cooled, uncovered, and  chilled, covered.    Transfer shanks to a deep platter and keep warm, reserving pan juices.    In a large heavy skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not  smoking and cook onion, stirring, until softened. Add artichoke hearts,  chick-peas, and reserved pan juices and simmer, covered, until artichoke  hearts are just tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer about 1/2 cup chick-peas  with a slotted spoon and about 1 cup pan juices from skillet to a blender  and pur?e. Stir pur?e into artichoke and chick-pea mixture to thicken and  stir in coriander and salt and pepper to taste.    Spoon artichoke and chick-pea mixture over shanks and sprinkle with  preserved lemon.    Serves 6    Gourmet February 1996    Posted to recipelu-digest by Sandy <sandysno@pctech.net> on Mar 05, 1998