Vegan (Strict Vegetarian) Nut Roast a la Peta
Onions, Bread, Raw cashews, Salt and pepper, Nutmeg, Parsley, Margarine, Margarine, THE ROAST, Thyme, Lemon juice, Onions, THE "STUFFING, Vegetable stock, Marjoram, Celery, Cloves, Bread crumbs, 
Credit for this recipe must go to PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of  Animals), who published something very similar for Thanksgiving, 1994.  There are many variations in many vegetarian cookbooks, and this version  uses ideas from many recipes.    Richer than a basted capon, tenderer than a roasted turkey, this dish will  please anyone at your Thanksgiving or other holiday meal. This roast has  two parts: the roast itself plus a middle layer of "stuffing." But if you  make it right, everything kind of oozes together once its done, and the  result is heavenly.    Method: (From the first list:) Melt the margarine list in a medium  saucepan. Cook the onion and garlic in it until tender, and remove from the  heat.    Chop the cashews by hand or in a food processor; cut up the bread as well.  Add the cashews and bread to the onion, then add the vegetable stock, salt  and pepper, nutmeg, and lemon juice. Put half of this mixture into a small,  non-stick loaf pan (or a greased loaf pan if a non-stick pan is  unavailable).    Mix together all the ingredients from the second list. Put the mixture on  top of the stuff in the loaf pan, and add the rest of the first mixture so  that there are three layers of food in the pan.    Place the pan on a baking sheet or in a larger loaf pan (in case it  overflows while cooking), and bake at 400 degrees F for half an hour. The  top should be browned.    Let the roast cool for a few minutes, then turn the pan over and serve the  roast on a plate (or simply serve it out of the pan). Serve with gravy if  desired, keeping in mind that it is a very rich dish.    Notes: The roast will take about an hour to prepare.    The roast refrigerates well and can be frozen for a few months and  microwaved back to life.    As shown, recipe makes roughly six servings.    Vegetable stock is often available in concentrate or as bouillon cubes, in  health-food stores and in general grocery stores. If you really cant find  it, use water, or even chicken stock if you dont usually eat a vegetarian  diet.    M. L. Grant.  All material on this page is Copyright 1995 by M. L. Grant.  Free redistribution and use permitted with this copyright notice and a  reference to People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA)  <URL:http://www.envirolink.org/arrs/peta/> intact!  Posted to EAT-L Digest  3 November 96    Date:    Mon, 4 Nov 1996 12:50:38 -0800    From:    Pamela Ramsey <risha@EROLS.COM>