Veal Prince Orloff #1
Salt, Butter, Strips fat bacon, Parsley sprigs, Butter; if needed, Sliced carrots, Sliced onions, (3-pound) roast of veal;, Water, Vegetable oil, Herb bouquet (tied in, Pepper, Salt and pepper, Bay leaf, Thyme, 
Debi wrote:  My mothers friend asked me if I could help her dig up a  recipe for Veal Prince Orloff.  She described it as a standing roast which  is stuffed with a liver/pate spread and covered with a sauce. Does this  sound familiar to anyone?     It didnt sound familiar to me but it seems that Julia Child knows all  about it.  I certainly hope that your mothers friend loves to cook because  this is a long and complicated recipe.     Note:  Make sure to read the entire recipe through before cooking as there  are a few changes between the master recipe and the Orloff recipe.     Veau Prince Orloff (Veal Gratineed with Onions and Mushrooms)     Part 1:  Master Recipe for Veau Poele (Casserole-roasted Veal) For 6  people     Preheat oven to 325 degrees. A 3-pound roast of veal, boned and tied.  Dry  the veal on paper towels.  A heavy casserole just large enough to hold the  veal easily.     Place the casserole over moderately high heat with the 2 Tbs butter and 2  Tbs oil.  When you see the butter foam begin to subside, brown the veal  lightly on all sides; this takes 10 to 15 minutes.  Remove the veal.     If the browning fat has burned, pour it out and add 3 Tbs butter.  Stir in  the vegetables and herb bouquet, cover, and cook over low heat for 5  minutes without browning.     Sprinkle salt and pepper over the veal.  Return it to the casserole and  baste with the butter in the casserole.  Insert meat thermometer.  Lay the  blanched bacon over the meat, then the foil.  Cover the casserole and set  in lower third of preheated oven. Regulate heat so meat cooks slowly and  steadily for about 1-1/2 hours.  Baste it 2 or 3 times with the juices in  the casserole. The roast is done at a thermometer reading of 175 degrees,  or as soon as its juices run clear yellow when the meat is pricked deeply  with a fork.     Place the veal on a hot platter and discard trussing strings.  The veal  and vegetables will have produced a cup or more of juice in the casserole.  Remove all but 2 tablespoons of fat from them. Set casserole over moderate  heat while scraping up any coagulated cooking juices form the bottom and  sides with a wooden spoon, and mashing the vegetables into the liquid. Boil  down rapidly if necessary; you should have 3/4 to 1 cup. Correct seasoning,  and strain into a hot gravy boat. Garnish the meat platter with whatever  vegetables you have chosen, and serve.     If you are not serving immediately, return the veal and sauce to the  casserole, cover partially, and set in turned-off hot oven where it will  stay warm for half an hour at least.    PLGOLD@IX.NETCOM.COM (PAT GOLD)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.