Apple-Prosciutto Chicken
Prosciutto or boiled ham, Green onions; finely chopped, Apple pie spice, Apple pie spices, Margarine or butter, Pepper, milk, All-purpose flour, Hot cooked rice; optional, Skinless boneless chicken, Apple; finely chopped, Shredded provolone cheese;, 
Rinse chicken and pat dry. Placeone chicken breast half, boned side up  between 2 pieces of clearplastic wrap and pound lightly with the flat side  of a meat mallet to form a rectangle about 1/4" thick. Remove plastic wrap  and repaeat with rest of chicken. In a small bowl, combine the chopped  apple and apple pie spice. For filling, place one prosciutto or boiled ham  slice on top of each chicken breast half. Spoon one-fourth of the apple  mixture over each prosciutto slce. Fold in sides and roll up each breast  half, starting from a narrow end. Secure with wooden toothpicks or  non-metal skewers. Arrange chicken rolls, seam side down, in an 8" round  Microwave-safe baking dish. Sprinkle with additional apple pie spice. Cover  with plastic wrap and turn back one corner to vent steam. Cook on High for  6-8 minutes or for low wattage ovens for 7-9 minutes or until chicken is  tender and no pink remains, giving the dish a half-turn and rearranging the  rolls after 4 minutes. Remove toothpicks. Cover to keep warm. For sauce: in  a 2 cup glass measure combine green onion and margarine or butter. Cook,  uncovered on High for 30-40 seconds or until margarine is melted. Stir in  flour and pepper. Stir in milk. Cook uncovered on High for 2-3 minutes or  until thickened and bubbly, stirring after every minute until sauce starts  to thicken, then stirring every 30 seconds. Stir in cheese and cook,  uncovered on High about 30 seconds or until heated through, stirring once.  Serve sauce over chicken and rice. Conventional oven directions: Prepared  stuffed breasts as directed. Place seam side down, in a 19x6x2" baking  dish. Bake, uncovered, in a 350? oven for 25-30 minutes or until tender and  no pink remains. Remove toothpicks. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, cook  green onion in margarine or butter until tender, but not brown .stir in  flour and pepper. Add 2/3 cup milk all at once. Cook and stir until  thickened and bubbly; cook and stir for 1 minute more. Stir in cheese until  melted. Serve as directed. MC formatting and posting on Kitmailbox by  bobbi744@sojourn.com.    Recipe By     : Lansing State Journal/bobbi744@sojourn.com    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #232    Date: Tue, 01 Oct 1996 15:57:21 -0400    From: Robertal Banghart <bobbi744@sojourn.com>    NOTES : Per serving; 315 calories, 116 mg. cholesterol, 12 g. fat. 43 g.  protein, 427 mg. sodium, 6 g. carbohy