Apple-Cranberry Lattice Tart
Eggs, Red wine vinegar, Orange, Apples, Cranberries; chilled, Raisins, Granulated white sugar; plus, Granulated white sugar, Ground cloves, Halved walnuts, PASTRY, Lard; chilled, White wheat flour, Granulated white sugar, Salt, Vezetable shortening chilled, Cold water, APPLECRANBERRY FILLING, Firmly packed dark brown, Instant tapioca, Cinnamon, 
For the pastry, cut the lard into 1/2-inch pieces. If making the dough by  hand, put the flour, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Cut the lard and shortening  into the dry ingredients with a pastry blender, or work quickly with  fingertips until mixture resembles a coarse meal with some pea-sized pieces  remaining. Lightly beat 1 egg with the vinegar and 1 tablespoon of the cold  water and add it to the bowl, tossing with a fork. Add water, a tablespoon  at a time, until dough just holds together. If using a food processor, put  lard, flour, sugar, salt, and shortening into the workbowl fitted with the  metal blade and process until mixture resembles a coarse meal. Lightly beat  1 egg with the vinegar and 1 tablespoon cold water. Add the egg mixture and  pulse until dough holds together. Divide the dough into two equal discs.  Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour. (Can refrigerate overnight, or  wrap in plastic and freeze up to 1 month.)    For the filling, chop and set walnuts aside. Grate 2 teaspoons orange zest  into a large bowl and squeeze in 2 tablespoons orange juice. Peel and grate  apples into the bowl. Stir in cranberries, raisins, 1 cup sugar, brown  sugar, tapioca, cinnamon, and cloves.    Butter a 9-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. In a small bowl,  lightly beat the remaining egg with 1 tablespoon cold water. On a lightly  floured work surface, roll out one disc of dough to an 11-inch circle and  ease it into the tart pan. Trim the edge, leaving a 1/2-inch border, and  brush edge of crust with egg. Pour filling into the crust and pack it  evenly with the back of a spoon.    Roll out the remaining dough to an 11-inch square. With a sharp knife or  serrated pastry wheel, cut dough into 10 3/4-inch-wide strips. To form the  lattice, put 5 strips horizontally across the top of the tart at 1-inch  intervals. Working carefully, weave 5 vertical strips over and under the  horizontal strips, taking care not to break the strips as you work. Trim  and flute the edge. Brush the pastry with egg. Sprinkle walnuts in the  spaces between the latticework and dust the top of the pie with the  remaining tablespoon granulated sugar. Adjust oven rack to middle position  and heat oven to 4250F. Put the pie on a foil-lined baking sheet and bake  15 minutes. Reduce heat to 3500F and bake until crust is golden and filling  is bubbling, about 35 minutes. Serve at room temperature.    Recipe by Mangia!      