Upside-Down Pear Cake
Allspice, Unsalted butter, Cloves, Salt, Sugar, Vanilla, Light brown sugar, Butter; unsalted, Baking Powder, Baking soda, Milk, Black pepper, Eggs, Bosc Pears, flour, Light brown sugar, Cinnamon, 
Place an oven rack in the lower third of oven and preheat oven to 325F  (350F if pan doesnt have a dark finish.) Grease and flour a rosette or 10  inch round pan. Cut out a parchment paper round and place in pan. In a  small saucepan, melt the 5 tablespoons butter. Cool about 5 minutes. Add  the 7 tablespoons brown sugar and stir to combine. Spread evenly over  parchment-lined cake pan. Peel, quarter and core the pear. Cut each pear  quarter lengthwise into thin slices, and arrange the slices on sugar  mixture in a circle similar to the spokes of a wheel. Set aside. Sift the  flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, black pepper  and salt together onto a sheet of waxed paper; set aside. Using an electric  mixer, preferably with a paddle attachment, beat butter until it is creamy  and smooth, about 30 to 45 seconds. Add the sugars and continue to beat  until light in color, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stop the mixer occasionally to  scrape the sides of the bowl. Add eggs, one at a time, until mixture is  fluffy in appearance. Add the vanilla. At a low speed, add dry ingredients  alternately with the milk beginning and ending with dry ingredients in 3  additions. Stop mixer occasionally to scrape the bowl. Thoroughly combine  ingredients until batter is smooth after each addition. Spread batter  evenly over pear slices. Bake 42 to 46 minutes, or until cake springs back  when pressed lightly in the center, and a wooden toothpick inserted in the  center of the cake comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack for 3 minutes. Tilt  pan to loosen cake. Invert onto a serving plate, and let stand for about 2  minutes before removing pan.    Per serving: 405 Calories; 17g Fat (38% calories from fat); 5g Protein; 59g  Carbohydrate; 97mg Cholesterol; 206mg Sodium    Recipe by: Williams-Sonoma/tpogue@idsonline.com    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 337 by Terry Pogue  <tpogue@idsonline.com> on Dec 3, 1997