Tvp Stroganoff over Tofu Stuffed Won Ton Ravioli
Soy Deli LF Tofu -or-, Cheese NOT powder (or FF, Onions, Chopped tomato, Granulated black pepper, Reconstituted TVP or any, Dried peppers (optional), Extra Firm LF Mori Nu Tofu, Creme IT, Green Pepper, FF Won Ton wraps (some have, 
MAKE STEW: saute onions, tomato, green pepper, dried pepper, granulated  black pepper in a pan. Keep heat fairly low and no pan spray is necessary  if you use a non-stick pan. When it is almost done, and the tomatoes are  slightly cooked down, add the Creme IT and Cheese NOT. You may need to add  some water to keep it reasonably runny. Keep covered. Dont over cook. You  can add other vegetables per your choice.    MAKE RAVIOLI: Put won ton on dry area of counter. If it gets wet it sticks  together and is hard to separate. Lay out one square for each ravioli on  ravioli maker. Ends will overlap. Press down form to make pouches in the  ravioli. Process tofu to make it cheese like in a food processor. If you  dont have a ravioli maker you can just stuff the tofu into the wraps  individually. You will need to moisten the tops to get them to stick closed  after you stuff them with tofu. Moisten the tops of the won ton before you  apply them over the stuffed ravioli. Roll them with a pastry roller to  seal. Cut each one out with a sharp knife. There will be some waste dough,  but won tons are inexpensive. You can keep the dough on if you want, and it  will shrink anyway.    Cooking ravioli: The first time you make it, there is a tendency to  overcook. You can fry the ravioli in a non-stick pan for about two minutes  on each side. You will need to spray the pan with Pam lightly if you do  this. If you steam the ravioli, you will need to use a bamboo steamer,  because it will stick to any other kind, since you didnt brush them with  olive oil, like the Italian chefs do. If you boil them, dont leave them in  for more than about two minutes each, same with steaming. Pan fried ravioli  will be chewy. Some people adore them like that. Steamed or boiled ravioli  will tend to stick together in a glutinous mass if you attempt to store  them prior to serving, so you should probably try to make them just before  serving, or line each layer with wax paper to put them in the fridge for  later.    SERVING: Serve stroganoff over about 4 ravioli. A slice or two of WW rye  bread goes well to sop up sauce. This is a very m**ty dish. It will fool  SAD eaters. The won ton has about 160 mgs sodium/4 slices. You can use your  own dough to reduce the sodium, but making ravioli with your own dough is a  time consuming process. I wouldnt add any salt to the stew. The Dixie  Diners products will give this a very rich, cheesy taste. If I didnt make  this myself, I wouldnt believe it didnt have added fat. I would never eat  this in a restaurant, because even if they made it the same way, I wouldnt  believe them after tasting it! Prepared purchased ravioli has added fat.  This is also wonderful served over gnocchi, which has no added fat. Dont  overcook the gnocchi either. Serves about 4. Posted to fatfree digest V97  #195 by "Michael M. Rosenblatt" <podtrst@isomedia.com> on Aug 27, 1997