Ukrainian Sauerkraut Bread
Unbleached white flour, Herbal salt substitute, Light honey, And bowl, Drained sauerkraut, Degrees F), Eggs, Scalded low-fat buttermilk, Plus oil for coating pans, Lukewarm water (98 to 110, Whole wheat or, Active dry yeast, Grated carrots, Safflower oil, Pepper, 
1. In a large bowl combine buttermilk, the water, yeast, and honey. Stir  until yeast dissolves and let stand for 5 minutes.    2. In a small bowl beat eggs, then add to yeast mixture. Stir in 5 to 6  cups of flour, or enough to form a thick batter. Stir well and let stand 20  minutes.    3. Stir batter vigorously for 1 minute, then add 2 tablespoons of the oil  and enough flour to form a thick dough. Lightly flour a counter or  breadboard and turn dough onto board. Knead until smooth and elastic (5 to  10 minutes). Lightly oil a mixing bowl and put kneaded dough into it. Cover  bowl with a dish towel and let rise for 40 minutes.    4. Punch dough down, then cover again and let rise an additional 30  minutes.    5. While dough is rising the second time, combine remaining oil,  sauerkraut, carrots, pepper, and salt substitute in a small saucepan. Cook  this mixture uncovered, over medium-high heat, for 10 minutes, stirring  frequently. Remove from heat and pour into a colander set over the sink.  Let sauerkraut drain for 10 minutes.    6. Lightly oil a 9- by 12-inch baking pan and preheat oven to 350 degrees  F. Separate dough into 2 balls and roll each into a 9- by 12-inch  rectangle. Place one rectangle into the baking pan. Spoon sauerkraut  mixture on top of it. Place second rectangle of dough on top of sauerkraut.  Reach into pan and pinch edges of bottom and top layers of dough together,  sealing tightly. Let it rise for 10 minutes.    7. Bake sauerkraut bread until browned (about 45 minutes). It should lift  easily out of the pan. Let cool on a rack, and then slice into thick  wedges.    Recipe By     : the California Culinary Academy    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip