Babka #3 Pt 1
Butter or margarine, Cinnamon, All-purpose Flour; (up to, Raisins, BREAD, Cake Yeast, Grated Zest of 1 Lemon, Currants, All-purpose flour, Golden raisins, Slivered Almonds; chopped, Brown Sugar; firmly packed, Milk; scalded, Orange-flavored Liqueur;, TOPPING, Warm Water; (110-F degrees), Butter or margarine, Whole Eggs; divided, Egg yolks, Granulated sugar, Salt, Vanilla extract, Grated Zest of 2 Oranges, 
Makes Three 8-inch Babkas    The Cook and Kitchen Staff are offering you some of our best recipes from  "Our Daily Bread" collection. Todays recipe is a traditional Polish Easter  bread.    Please, dont think that you have to wait until April to serve this  delicious bread. Its fantastic as a coffee cake for breakfast or served  with tea for a light snack in the afternoon.    Place yeast in a small mixing bowl and pour warm water over it. Stir with a  spoon to break up the yeast. Set aside for 3 to 5 minutes to proof.    In a small saucepan, scald milk. Add 1 cup butter or margarine, and stir  until melted. Remove from heat and let stand to cool until lukewarm.    In a large mixing bowl, beat 4 eggs and all 4 egg yolks with an electric  mixer. Add sugar and salt, and continue to beat until the mixture is thick  and pale. Add vanilla, orange- flavored liqueur (if used), orange and lemon  zest, and the yeast mixture. Blend again.    Gradually beat in 4 cups flour. Add milk mixture alternately with 4 more  cups flour while beating on medium speed. Add up to an additional 1 cup  flour if the dough is sticky. Mix in currants, raisins, golden raisins, and  almonds.    Transfer dough to a clean large bowl. Knead using a large wooden spoon  until the dough pulls away and doesnt stick to the spoon, about 8 to 10  minutes.    Transfer dough to a large buttered bowl, and turn to coat. Cover with  plastic wrap and place in a warm area until dough rises enough to reach the  top of the bowl, usually about 1 or 2 hours. Punch the dough down, re-cover  the bowl, and allow to rise again.    Lightly butter 3 angel food or ring cake pans. In a small bowl, combine 1  cup flour, 4 tablespoons butter or margarine, brown sugar, and cinnamon to  form crumb topping. Sprinkle evenly between the baking pans.    Punch the dough down again. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead  for 1 minute. Cut into thirds, and transfer dough to prepared pans. Cover  loosely with plastic wrap. Allow to rise to the top of pan. Beat the  remaining egg, and brush the top of the dough.    Bake in a pre-heated 350-F degree oven until golden brown and hollow  sounding when tapped, about 30 to 45 minutes. Immediately turn out onto a  cooling rack so bread does not stick to the pan. Cool and store in  air-tight bags to preserve. May freeze for up to       90    days.    Kitchen Staff Tips: If you know anyone who may think zest is a bar of soap,    continued in part 2