Apple-Cheese Soup
Sprigs fresh thyme, Peanut oil, Onions; diced, Tabasco; to taste, (above all tied together in, *bouquet garni:, Ham scraps; and/or 1 ham, Lemon; juiced, Unsalted butter; softened, Bay Leaves, Tart apples, peel, core and, White port, White peppercorns, Red apple, for garnish (such, Sharp Cheddar cheese; grated, Bacon, for garnish (apple-, Garlic, All-purpose flour, Stalk celery; diced, Salt, Chicken broth, Tart green apple, for, 
Cold weather soup, diced apples and cheese make it colorful.  Easily made  without the ham or bacon.  Use vegetable broth instead of the chicken  stock.    To make the soup, in a medium-sized saucepan heat the oil over medium-high  heat. Add the ham scraps, if using, the celery, garlic, and onions and  saute for about 4 minutes, or until the onions are translucent but not  brown.    Reduce the heat to medium and add the quartered apples. Cover and cook,  stirring frequently, for abour 10 minutes or until the apples soften. Add  the port and simmer for 5 minutes more. Add the chicken stock, bouquet  garni, and ham bone, if using. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, partially  covered, for about 20 minutes, or until the flavors are well blended.  Remove the bouquet garni.    (The soup may be made a day or two in advance, up to this point.  Cool and  refrigerate. See detail A.)    Meanwhile in a small skillet, fry the bacon over medium heat for about 5  minutes, or until browned and crisp. Drain on paper towels. Cut into l inch  dice and set aside.    Leaving the skin on, cut the green and red apples into 1/8-inch dice to use  for garnish. You will need about 2 tablespoons of each color. Put the diced  apples in a small glass or ceramic bowl and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of  the lemon juice. Set aside.    In a small bowl, knead the softened butter and flour together until smooth  to make a beurre manie.  Whisk the mixture into the soup to thicken it.  Cook for 5 minutes longer, stirring frequently.    Add the grated cheese to the soup, stirring constantly, until it is melted.    Strain the soup through a fine sieve into the top of double boiler set over  gently boiling water to keep the soup hot. (Do not press too hard on the  solids.) season with the remaining lemon juice and salt and Tabasco to  taste. Ladle the soup into warm serving bowls and garnish with the diced  apples and chopped bacon. Serve hot.    Detail A continued:  Add the Beurre manie and then the cheese and  seasonings, when you reheat the soup for serving. Do not prepare the apple  and bacon garnish until a few hours before serving. This soup can be  completed up to 2 hours before serving, but keep it warm in the top half of  a double boiler set over hot water. Do not simmer over direct heat after  the cheese has been added or the soup will separate.    Apple-Cheese Soup: Lunch or a light dinner. Or serve as appetizer followed  by a Warm Lobster Taco with Yellow Tomato Salsa and Jicama Salad    Source: 1987 (c) The Mansion on Turtle Creek Cookbook by Dean Fearing.  Adapted and Reprinted by 1995 (c) Arlene Feltman-Sailhac, De Gustibus  Presents the Great Cooks Cookbooks, Southwest Cooking. Selections based on  demonstrations given at Macys.   McRecipe (1996) Oc PATh.  Recipe By     : Dean Fearing, Chef at Turtle Creek (1989)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #244    Date: Mon, 14 Oct 1996 20:57:42 -0700 (PDT)    From: patH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>