Apple-Glazed Barbecue Chicken
Boneless; skinless chicken, Cider vinegar, Brown sugar, Hot-pepper sauce, Reduced-sodium ketchup, Dried thyme, frozen apple juice, 
by Prevention Magazine, http://www.healthyideas.com    Before After Calories 317 159 Fat (g.) 10 2 % Calories from Fat 28% 11%  Cholesterol (mg.) 69 46    In a small saucepan, combine the apple juice concentrate, ketchup, brown  sugar, vinegar, thyme and hot- pepper sauce. Cook, stirring, over medium  heat until the sugar completely dissolves. Remove from the heat and cool to  room temperature. Place the chicken in a single layer in a 13-by-9-inch  baking pan. Pour about half of the cooled ketchup mixture over the chicken,  turning once to coat both sides. Cover and refrigerate both the chicken and  the remaining ketchup mixture for 4 to 24 hours. Coat a grill rack with  nonstick spray. Then light the grill according the manufacturers  directions. Check the temperature for grilling; the temperature should be  medium-hot (see the Test Kitchen Tip below). Place the rack on the grill.  Remove the chicken from the ketchup mixture; discard whatever ketchup  mixture remains in the baking pan. Coat the chicken pieces with nonstick  spray and brush them with some of the remaining ketchup mixture. Place the  chicken on the rack and grill, uncovered, for 8 minutes. Turn the chicken  over and brush with the remaining ketchup mixture. Grill for 7 to 10  minutes, or until the chicken is tender and cooked through. Discard any  remaining ketchup mixture.    TEST KITCHEN TIP: When grilling, heres how to test the temperature of the  coals: Place your hand 4 inches over the heat source. Count the number of  seconds that the palm of your hand can withstand the heat before you have  to remove your hand. For a hot temperature, that should be 2 seconds. For a  medium-hot temperature, it should be 3 seconds. Medium heat would be 4  seconds, and low would be 5 seconds.    To broil the chicken instead of grilling it, coat the rack of a broiling  pan with nonstick spray. Remove the chicken from the ketchup mixture;  discard whatever ketchup mixture remains in the baking pan. Coat the  chicken pieces with nonstick spray and brush them with some of the  remaining ketchup mixture. Place the chicken on the rack. Broil 4 inches  from the heat for 5 minutes. Turn the chicken over and brush again with the  remaining ketchup mixture. Broil for 4 to 6 minutes, or until the chicken  is tender and cooked through. Discard any remaining ketchup mixture.    Makes 6 servings. Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n184 by "Tina D. Bell"  <tdbell@altair.csustan.edu> on Jul 20, 1997