Upside-Down Onion Tart
Neufchatel or lite ricotta, Butter, olive oil, Vegetable cooking spray, Grated fresh Parmesan cheese, Pepper, Grated fresh Romano cheese, Vidalia onions, (1-3/4, Red onions, (1 pound) peeled, Cloves garlic, sliced, olive oil, Baking potato, (1 pound), Grated peeled gingerroot, Dried thyme, Sugar, Salt, Pepper, Onions, peeled and halved, Rice vinegar, Fresh thyme sprigs, Thinly sliced leek, 
Scrub potato, and pat dry with paper towel. Cut the potato lengthwise into  1/8-inch-thick slices.    Combine potato slices and next 3 ingredients in a large bowl; toss gently.  Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray; using your finger, trace a  12-inch circle on baking sheet. Overlap the potato slices, spoke-fashion,  in circle. Bake at 400 degrees for 15 minutes or until tender; set aside.    Wrap the handle of a 10-inch skillet with aluminum foil. Coat skillet with  cooking spray; add olive oil, and place over medium heat until hot. Add  leek; saute 5 minutes or until tender. Remove leek from skillet; toss with  cheeses and dried thyme, and set aside. Melt butter in skillet over medium  heat; sprinkle sugar over butter. Arrange Vidalia, red, and small onions,  cut sides up, in skillet, and top with leek. Sprinkle vinegar, gingerroot,  and garlic over onion mixture.    Cover and cook over medium-low heat 20 minutes, shaking pan occasionally to  loosen onions from skillet bottom. Uncover and cook an additional 8  minutes. Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 20 minutes or until onions are  tender. Remove from oven; shake skillet to loosen onions from bottom of  skillet.    Place potato crust (in sections) on top of onion mixture in skillet. Bake  at 375 degrees for 30 minutes or until potato is lightly browned. Remove  from oven; let stand 10 minutes. Shake tart to loosen from pan, and invert  onto a serving platter. Yield: 8 servings (serving size: 1 wedge).    Per serving: 132 Calories; 7g Fat (48% calories from fat); 4g Protein; 14g  Carbohydrate; 10mg Cholesterol; 411mg Sodium    Serving Ideas : Garnish with thyme sprigs and pepper.    Recipe by: Cooking Light, October 1994, page 80    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #395 by igor@digex.net on Jan 28, 1997.