Apple Stack Cake
Ground cinnamon, Lowfat buttermilk, Sugar, Sugar, Eggs, Ground allspice, Water, Molasses, Ground cinnamon, Baking soda, FILLING, CAKE, Unsalted butter, All-purpose flour, Golden Delicious apples;, 
To make the filling, in a nonreactive medium saucepan over medium-high  heat, combine the sliced apples and water and bring to a boil. Reduce the  heat to low, cover and simmer until the apples are soft and the water has  evaporated, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat. Mash the apples with  the back of a fork and fold in the sugar, cinnamon and allspice. Return the  pan to medium-low heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar  has dissolved and the mixture is thick, about 20 minutes. Set aside to  cool.    Preheat oven to 350 degrees.    To make the cake, in a large bowl, combine the butter, molasses or sorghum,  sugar and eggs. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat until light  and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the buttermilk and blend well. In a  separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda and cinnamon. Using a  wooden spoon, fold the flour mixture into the creamed mixture until well  blended.    Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Divide dough into  10 equal portions. Using the outline of an 8-inch round baking pan, draw a  circle on waxed paper. Roll out 1 portion of the dough to fit the circle,  then slide the dough circle and waxed paper onto a baking sheet and bake on  the middle oven rack until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Slide the round  off the baking sheet onto a wire rack to cool, removing the waxed paper  while still warm. Repeat with the remaining dough for a total of 10 baked  rounds.    To assemble the cake, place 1 cooled round layer onto a serving plate and  spread with 1 to 2 tablespoons of cooked apple filling. Top with another  cake layer, spread with filling and repeat,    alternating cake layers with filling and ending with cake. Do not spread  filling over the top cake layer. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and store  at room temperature for up to two days before serving.    Yield: 15 servings    NOTES : HOME ENTERTAINING WITH DEAN FEARING SHOW #HE1A09  Recipe by: DEAN FEARING SHOW #HE1A09    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #786 by Sue <suechef@sover.net> on Sep 17,  1997