Apple Pie Squares
Recipe Powdered Sugar Icing:, milk, Shortening, Egg yolk, All-purpose flour, Ground cinnamon, Vanilla, Powdered sugar, powdered sugar, Salt, Apples, Granulated sugar, Vanilla, Milk, dry cereal, 
1. In medium mixing bowl, stir together flour and salt. With a pastry  blender, cut in shortening until pieces are size of small peas. Combine egg  yolk and enough milk to equal 1/3 cup; sprinkle 1 tbsp at a time over flour  mixture tossing until evenly moistened.    2. On a lightly floured surface roll half the dough into a rectangle the  size to fit in the bottom of a 15 x 10 x 1- inch pan. Place dough in the  ungreased pan. Spread crushed cereal over dough in pan. In a large mixing  bowl combine apples, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla; spread atop crushed  cereal. Roll out remaining dough and place it on top of filling. Seal  edges. Prick the top layer of dough.    3. Bake in a 375 degrees F oven about 1 hour or until golden. Cool in pan  on a wire rack. Sprinkle with sifted powdered sugar or frost with Powdered  Sugar Icing. Cut into squares. Store in airtight container in the  refrigerator for up to 3 days.    Shortcut: Prepare apple squares as directed, except substitute two 21 ounce  cans apple pie filling for the apples, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla mixture.  Bake in the 375 degrees F oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until golden.    To Make Ahead: Prepare the squares as directed, except line the 15 x 10 x  1- inch pan with foil, extending the foil over the edges of pan. Continue  as directed; bake and cool completely. Do not sprinkle with powdered sugar  or frost. Using the edges of foil, lift the uncut bars out of the pan. Cut  rectangle in half crosswise. Place each portion in a freezer container and  freeze for up to 1 month. Before serving, thaw for 1 hour. Top as directed  and cut into squares.    Powdered Sugar Icing:    1. In a small mixing bowl, combine powdered sugar and vanilla. Stir in 1  tbsp milk or ornage juice. Stir in additional milk or ornage juice, 1 tsp  at a time, until icing is smooth and easy to drizzle.    2. Drizzle icing over cake, bread or cookies. Let stand for 2 hours before  slicing. Makes about 1/2 cup, enough to ice one 10-inch tube cake    Source: Better Homes and Gardens Complete Book of Baking p. 193 Meredith  Corporation Des Moines, IA 1995 ISBN 0-696-20040-6    Recipe by: Better Homes and Gardens Complete Book of Baking  p. 193    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Linda Shapiro <lss@coconet.com> on May 7,  1998