Urad Dal with Yogurt
Turmeric powder, Plain yogurt, Salt, Cumin powder, Fresh Lemon Juice, Garlic chutney (see below), Urad dal, Clove garlic; very finely, GARLIC CHUTNEY, Coriander powder, Water, Fresh coriander leaves, Cayenne, 
This is in response to requests Ive seen here from time to time. The  following recipes are from _Flavors of India: Recipes from the Vegetarian  Hindu Cuisine_, by Shanta N. Sacharoff, reprinted without permission.  Comments in parentheses are mine, and Ive paraphrased some portions. Ive  tried these and several other recipes from this book & highly recommend it!     These dals are great served with rice or one of the Indian breads, and  adding a good hot curry and several condiments almost makes a feast! My  favorite condiments are mango chutney (which comes preserved in a jar like  jam) and cucumber raita (beat 1 c, plain yogurt with a fork and add a  diced, peeled cucumber, 1/4 t. salt, couple pinches cayenne and maybe some  coriander or mustard powder -- should be cooling rather than spicy).  Wonderful drinks can be made with the sweetened mango pulp available canned  in most Indian groceries (or obviously with a blender and fresh mangos if  available) -- just mix with milk or with tonic water and lime. Canned  leechee fruits in sirup make an easy desert.     (The urad dal gives this dish a distinctive flavor, so, while it may be  possible to substitute another sort of lentil, such substitution will  produce a very different dish.) The urad dal, sometimes spelled udud or  ured, is formed from a small black urad bean which is first skinned and  then split in half. The split urad bean has a dusty white color, and in  India it is also ground into a flour and used to make several types of  snacks.     For the garlic chutney, make a paste of 1 clove garlic, very finely  chopped, 1/2 t. cayenne, 1/8 t. coriander powder and 1/8 t. cumin powder.     Mix 1 c. water with the plain yogurt and beat with a fork until smooth. to  this add the turmeric powder and the 1/2 t. of garlic chutney. Beat again  to make an evenly smooth liquid and et the bowl aside for a moment.     In a medium-size pot, bring 4 c. water and the salt to a boil. While you  are waiting for the water to boil, clean the urad dal under running water  and drain. When the water boils, add the drained urad dal. Bring the water  and dal to another boil and cook uncovered for 10 min. Stir once, cover the  pot and lower the heat to between low and medium. Cook the dal for 20 min.  until its grains are easily mashed when pressed between two fingers. Remove  the covered pot from the heat and let stand for 10 min. Add the yogurt  mixture, stir once and return the pot to low heat. Simmer for 10 more min.,  stirring frequently. By this time the yogurt will have combined with the  dal to form a thick sauce- like mixture. Turn the heat off and stir in the  fresh lemon juice. If you like, top this with some finely chopped fresh  coriander leaves.  Serves 4-6.    JMNI@MIDWAY.UCHICAGO.EDU    (JILL M. NICOLAUS)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.