Apple-Pecan Strudel
Dark brown sugar, Salt, Hot water, Egg, Ground cinnamon, DOUGH (ENOUGH FOR 2, FILLING, Graham cracker or vanilla, Unsalted butter, Sugar, Unsalted butter; melted, Chopped pecans; toasted, Crystallized ginger; minced, Raisins, Sugar, All-purpose flour, Tart apples peeled;, Unsalted butter, Cider vinegar; preferably, Salt, 
Make the dough: Place the butter in a bowl, and pour the hot water over it,  stirring to melt the butter. Add the egg and the vinegar, and mix in well.  Add 2 cups of the flour and the salt, and stir until a sticky dough forms.  Sprinkle the remaining 1/2 cup flour on a pastry board, and knead the dough  on it for about 5 minutes, until the extra flour is incorporated and the  dough is smooth and shiny.    Divide the dough in half, flattening both portions into 4 or 5-inch rounds.  Refrigerate or freeze one round for later use. The amount of remaining  dough may not look like enough to encase the filling, but it will. Cover  it, and let it sit in a warm place. Some cooks put it in a bowl set in a    second bowl of warm water; others use a barely warmed skillet. Allowed to  rest, the dough becomes soft and pliable.    While the dough is resting, make the filling: Toss the apples with the  butter in a large bowl. Add the remaining filling ingredients, and mix  well.    Get ready to stretch the dough: Clear a table, and cover it with a thin  smooth-surfaced dish towel. Sprinkle the towel with flour. (The towel  eventually helps support the paper-thin dough.) Plan to work quickly once  you get going. Center the dough on the towel, and pat it out as thin as you  can by hand. Then put your hands under the dough, and start stretching it  out from the center. Some people prefer to use their fingertips for this;  others use their knuckles. We start with our fingertips, switching to the  knuckles when the dough is thinner and can tear more easily.    To pull the dough evenly, youll need either to turn the towel around  periodically or to make your way around the table, whichever is easier. As  the dough gets successively broader and thinner, youll be able to tell  where it still needs stretching by looking at it - if its translucent,  its thin enough. Try to avoid tearing the dough, as it is difficult to  patch. The edges will be thicker, but you can pull them thin or trim them  off. You should end up with something resembling a rectangle at least 18 to       24    inches.    Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Grease a baking sheet.    Melt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter. Brush the dough, still resting  on the towel, with about 2 tablespoons of it. Cover the dough completely  with a single layer of the filling. Using the towel for support, begin  rolling up one of the rectangles longer sides jelly roll-style. If you  ended up with tears in the dough concentrated in any one area, try to roll  the strudel so that they will be hidden within it. Roll the strudel up  snug, but dont make it extra tight, because it needs some room to expand  while baking. Pinch it closed as you go to help hold in the juices.    When the strudel is rolled up completely, use the towel to transfer it from  the table to the baking sheet positioned nearby. Form the strudel into a  horseshoe to fit on the sheet. Brush it with the remaining tablespoon of  melted butter, and sprinkle it with the sugar.    Bake the strudel for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees and  continue baking for an additional 25 to 30 minutes, until the pastry is  lightly browned and just crisp. Let the strudel rest for at least 20  minutes before you cut it.    Serve the strudel warm in thick slices.    Yield: 12 servings    Recipe by: DEAN FEARING SHOW #HE1A09    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #786 by Sue <suechef@sover.net> on Sep 17,  1997