Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookie
Granulated sugar, Baking Powder, (12 oz. package), Unsalted butter -- room, Vegetable shortening -- room, Temperature, Eggs, (packed) light brown sugar, Vanilla extract, Semisweet chocolate pieces, Salt, Temperature, All-purpose flour, Baking soda, 
Makes 12 inch cookie......about 1 3/4 pounds. --Cream the butter and  shortening together until well blended and soft. Then beat in the brown and  granulated sugars in turn, beating well after each addition, until fluffy.  Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each; then beat in the  vanilla. Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.  Stir the flour mixture into the creamed mixture, blending well. Add the  chocolate bits, reserving 1/2 cup, and mix well. Wrap the dough in plastic  wrap the chill it thoroughly, preferable for 3 hours or longer. (It keeps  well for at least three days.) When dough is ready to bake, preheat oven to  325, with the oven rack in the center position. Line a 12 inch pizza pan  with two sheets of regular-weight aluminum foil, crossing the sheets at  right angles to cover the baking surface completely. Crimp the foil  securely over the rim and cut away the excess. Grease the foil lightly,  then trace a 10-inch circle in the coating, keeping it a uniform 1-inch  away from the rim.Set the pizza pan on a large baking sheet. Measure 3  level cups of the dough into the center of the pattern on the baking pan  (use remainder for smaller cookies). Spread dough evenly over the marked  area. Dont smooth top. Sprinkle the extra chocolate chips over the top and  press them in about halfway. Bake 25 minutes, then cover loosely with foil  and bake an additional 15 to 20 minutes, until cookie has puffed and fallen  back and feels barely firm when touched. When cookie is done, remove it, in  its pan, from the baking sheet and cool it completely on a wire rack.  Makes a 12 inch cookie with leftovers for making smaller cookies    Recipe By     : Mrs. Wittys Monster Cookies    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip