Undhia
Surti papadi, Baby potatoes, Carrots, fenugreek leaves, Vegetable oil, ginger, FOR MUTHIA, garlic, Tomatoes, bananas, Salt to taste, guavas, Besan (chickpea) flour, Cumin seeds, Coconut, Eggplants, Garam masala, Sweet potatoes, sesame seeds, Sugar, onion, Green chillies, garlic, Green chillies, green toor pulse, Buttermilk, Asafoetida, coriander leaves, Ajwain, 
This is one of the "fancy" dishes of Gujerati cuisine. Its really rich and  delicious. This recipe is from a cookbook -- Vegetarian Wonders From  Gujerat, by Aroona Reejhsinghani -- with which Ive had some success, but I  havent made this dish. This version includes muthia, which are like  dumplings, though Ive never eaten undhia with muthia -- its not essential  to the dish. The papadi is a major component. Its a very broad bean, which  looks like a broader, thicker snow pea pod. If you cant get it, I suppose  you could substitute some other green bean. Green toor pulse is the fresh  version of toor dal. Good luck!    Mix all the muthia ingredients together with the exception of buttermilk,  then add enough buttermilk to form soft and pliable dough. Form the dough  into small oblong-shaped balls and steam for half an hour, or till done.  Remove from fire and set aside. Peel and cut bananas, sweet potatoes,  guavas and carrots into pieces. Make four vertical cuts in each eggplant.  String the papadis. Powder ajwain and cumin seeds. Heat 4 tblsp. oil and  add asafoetida and all the ground spices, and chillies, ginger and garlic  after grinding them. Fry briefly, then add tomatoes and sugar and cook till  soft. Put in all the vegetables, mix well, then put in the peanuts, the  toor pulse, and half of the grated coconut. Cover tightly and cook without  adding water over a slow fire until the vegetables are almost done. Mix in  the sesame seeds and arrange muthias on top. Cover and cook once again  until the vegetables are done. Serve hot decorated with coriander leaves  and remaining grated coconut. Posted to FOODWINE Digest 26 Jun 97 by Nancy  Gandhi <gandhi@GIASMD01.VSNL.NET.IN> on Jun 27, 1997