Apple Sauce Cinnamon Rolls (Motts)
Whole egg, Vanilla extract, Unsweetened Apple Sauce, Butter, Skim milk, Granulated sugar, All-purpose flour, Unsweetened Apple Sauce, FILLING, Ground cinnamon, Granulated sugar, Salt, Active dry yeast, Skim milk, 
Preheat oven to 375F. Spray two 8 or 9 inch round pans with cooking spray.    In a large mixing bowl, combine 1-1/2 c. all-purpose flour and the yeast.  In a small saucepan combine 3/4 c. Natural Apple Sauce, skim milk, 2 tbsp.  sugar, butter, and salt. Heat over medium heat and stir just until warm  (120F. to 130 F) and butter is almost melted (milk will appear curdled).  Add to flour mixture along with egg. Beat with an electric mixer on low  speed for 30 seconds, scraping bowl constantly. Beat on high speed for 3  minutes, using a spoon to stir in 2-1/4 c. flour.    Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead in enough remaining  flour, up to 1/4 c. to make a moderately soft dough that is smooth and  elastic (3 to 5 min.). Shape dough into a ball. Place dough in a bowl  sprayed lightly with cooking spray; turn dough once to grease surface.  Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume (about 1 hr.).    Punch dough down, turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Cover and let  rest 10 minutes. On lightly floured surface, roll dough to a 12-inch  square. Spread 1/4 c. Natural Apple Sauce. Combine 1/3 c. sugar and  cinnamon; sprinkle over dough. Roll up and seal seams. Slice dough into 12  pieces.    Arrange 6 rolls, cut side down, in each pan. Cover and let rise in a warm  place until nearly doubled (about 30 min.).    Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden. Cool 5 min. Invert onto serving  plate. Drizzle with a mixture of confectioners sugar, vanilla, and skim  milk. Serve warm    Notes: Pantry: Motts Natural Apple Sauce. (PER SERVING: 260 calories, 2.9  grams of fat. By using Motts, you save 98 calories and 11.8 grams of fat.)    >Hanneman/Buster 1998-Apr    Recipe by: Motts Applesauce www.motts.com    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Apr 18,  1998