Uncle Hos Most Decidedly Eastern Finishing Sauce
Red pepper flakes, Ground cayenne pepper, Apple cider vinegar, Phu Quoc brand nuoc mam, Black pepper, 
Heres a recipe that attempts to duplicate the nations original barbeque  finishing sauce, the one developed in colonial Virginia and North Carolina  during the 1600s and 1700s. I went to the Lexington North Carolina Barbeque  Festival last weekend, and I have recipes published in the local paper that  Ill post soon, as well as some words on an excellent book on North  Carolina barbeque I bought down there called "North Carolina  Barbecue--Flavored By Time", by Bob Garner. It does an excellent job of  making up for the near total omission of North Carolina barbeque in the  otherwise excellent book "Smokestack Lightning", IMHO.    Enjoy the recipe. It may seem strange at first glance, but it is pretty  good.    As a long time afficianado of Eastern North Carolina style barbeque, I have  been intrigued by the origins of the vinegar/red pepper sauce used by the  pit masters in that region. It is unique among all barbeque finishing or  dipping sauces in that in contains no tomato extracts--owing to the fact  that, at the time of its origins in the 1600s and 1700s, tomatoes were  thought to be posionous. What was used instead was "English Ketchup", a  concoction containing cider vinegar, red peppers, spices, and oysters. This  basic blend is in use to this day with one notable exception--the oysters  have been discarded.    Well, I got to wondering what that original barbeque might have tasted  like, seasoned with the English Ketchup of the time. Having no reference  and no clue as to how oysters were incorporated into the original mix, I  instead decided to substitute nuoc mam--a Vietnamese fish sauce made from  fish extract, water, and salt. While I cannot say this is an exact  replication of the nations original barbeque finishing and dipping sauce,  it is in all likelihood a pretty decent semblance of what our colonial  ancestors seasoned their barbeque with. In addition, its also pretty damn  tasty, IMHO--complementing, rather than masking, the smoky rich sweetness  of slow cooked barbeque.    Simply combine all ingredients, and let alone to marry for one or two days  before using. If you use it as a finishing sauce, add about 12 ounces of  the sauce to roughly three pounds of smoked and pulled pork barbeque in a  cast iron pan, add water to cover, and simmer on medium heat, stirring  frequently, until the sauce *just* barely oozes over the barbeque when  pressed down upon with a spatula. Or, just mix with smoked and pulled pork  barbeque before serving if using as a dip.  Recipe By     : Tom Solomon    Posted to bbq-digest V4 #21    Date: Tue, 29 Oct 1996 08:28:20 -0800 (PST)    From: Tom Solomon <bigheat@earthlink.net>    NOTES : It is very important to use authentic Vietnamese nuoc mam in this  recipe--that is, a nuoc mam made in Vietnam, with Phu Quoc brand being    considered the best brand widely available. Nuoc mam made in Thailand tends    to be too coarse and salty in taste to blend well with the other    ingredients, and thus produces too much of a pronounced fish and salt taste    to suit fine barbeque.