Types of Cream
***  NON   NE *****, 
typed by jazzbel@batelnet.bs.    Creams vary in their fat content, which is why some are richer than others.  In order to whip successfully, cream must have a fat content of at least  35%.    Half Cream and single cream have a minimum fate content of 12% and 18%.  They are ideal pouring creams.    Soured Cream has the same fat content as single cream. Its flavour results  from incubating cream with a harmless bacterial and culture to turn it  slightly acid.    Creme Fraiche is Double Cream which has been fermented under controlled  conditions long enough to have a lactic taste which is neither sweet nor  sour.    Spooning Cream is homogenised cream, suitable for pouring or adding to  coffee. It has the same fat content as whipping cream.    Whipping Cream has a fat content of at least 35% and will whip to at least  double its volume. it is good for folding into mousses.    Double Cream has a fat content of 48%. It will whip to slightly less volume  than whipping cream, but adding 1tbsp. milk for every 5 fl. oz. cream will  help it achieve greater volume. It is good for piping and cake fillings.    Clotted Cream has a fat content of 55%. It has a slightly nutty flavour and  a thick consistency, but cannot be whipped.    UHT Cream is available as half, single, whipping and double. It will keep  unopened for 2-4 months depending on its fat content.    Aerosol Cream is heat-treated cream which may contain up to 13% added  sugar, stabilisers and a propellant to make it flow from its container. it  is very light textured but loses its volume quickly.    Frozen Cream is fresh cream which has been frozen atvery low temperatures.  it is available as single, double, whipped and clotted.    Sterilised Cream is in cans and has been heat-treated and homogeneised. The  sterilisation process gives it a distinc caramel flavour. it will not whip.    Extended Life Cream is packed in vacuum-sealed bottles and keeps in the  refrigerator, unopened 2-3 weeks. it is spoonable double cream and can be  whipped.    Recipe by: The Good House Keeping Cookery Book-Ebury Press-London    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Jazzbel <jazzbel@MAIL.BATELNET.BS> on Feb 16,  1998