Apple, Prune and Armagnac Cake with Streusel Topping
FOR THE PRUNES, Butter; Soft, Inch Tin With A Loose Base,, Whole Almonds, Halved And, FOR THE CAKE, Self-Rising Flour, Caster sugar, Egg; Size 1, Icing Sugar; To Finish, Bramley Apple (Cooking, Self-Rising Flour, milk, Ready To Use Prunes,;, Baking Powder, Demerara Sugar, Caster sugar, Butter; At Room Temperature, FOR THE STREUSEL TOPPING, Port Or Armagnac, Almonds; Ground, Water, 
Pre-heat oven to gas mark 4, 350F, 180 C. Although the ready-to-use prunes  are not supposed to need soaking, we prefer to soak them just the same (the  advantage is having them ready stoned). Start the recipe the night before  you want to serve the cake by placing the prunes in a saucepan along with  the sugar and water and simmer them very gently for 15 minutes. After that  remove them to a bowl, add the armagnac, stir well, cover and leave  overnight.    When youre ready to make the cake, begin with the streusel topping: place  the sifted flour and butter in a bowl and rub the butter in until the  mixture becomes crumb like. Then add the sugar, mixing it in evenly, and  after that sprinkle in one dessertspoon of cold water and fork the mixture  until it is coarse and lumpy. Leave it to one side with the almonds.    The cake mixture is very simple indeed - all you do is sift the flour and  baking powder into a bowl, add the rest of the ingredients (except for the  apple) then, using an electric hand whisk or a wooden spoon and some  old-fashioned elbow grease, beat the mixture together until smooth. After  that, fold in the apple, then spoon the mixture into the prepared tin.    Now arrange the prunes all over the mixture, then fork the streusel topping  over the prunes and finally sprinkle the shredded almonds evenly over the  surface. Place the cake on the centre shelf of the oven, bake it for one  hour, then remove from the oven. Leave it in the tin for 30 minutes before  turning it out to cool on a wire rack.    Just before serving sift the icing sugar over the surface.  Recipe By     : Delia Smith, The Mail on Sunday You Magazine, @ 1992    Posted to EAT-L Digest 17 October 96    Date:    Fri, 18 Oct 1996 19:01:12 EDT    From:    erika metzieder <100627.3022@COMPUSERVE.COM>