Two Way Duck
Freshly ground black pepper;, Stemmed and sliced, Lemons; halved, Flour, Celery, Chopped parsley, Cayenne pepper; to taste, Green Onions, Sweet potatoes - (abt 14, Chicken Stock, Domestic duck - (abt 6 lbs);, Garlic cloves; plus, Garlic head; halved, Salt, Onions, Sugar, 
Remove any excess fat pieces from the cavity of the duck. Remove the neck  flap. With the duck breast side up and the cavity facing you, make a 1 inch  slit on each side of the breastbone inside the cavity. Insert 1 slice of  the jalapeno and 1 clove of garlic in each hole. With your fingers,  separate the skin from the breast meat and insert 5 pieces of jalapeno and  5 garlic cloves under the skin and push them well along the breast. Turn  the duck around so that the neck is facing you. Slice the remaining 2  cloves garlic and put these and the remaining jalapeno slices in the neck  cavity. Put the duck in a deep glass or plastic container. Squeeze the  lemons and pour the juice over the duck and inside the cavity. Rub the duck  with the lemon skins. In a small bowl, stir the sugar with salt, pepper,  and cayenne. Rub the duck, inside and out, with this mixture. Cover and  refrigerate for 8 hours.    Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.    Remove the duck from the container and place it on a rack in a roasting  pan. Stuff the cavity with the sweet potatoes and head of garlic. Bake for  30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees and continue to bake for 1 hour,  or until the duck legs pull easily away from the body. Carve the duck into  4 pieces. Peel and chop the sweet potatoes. Squeeze the garlic from the  skins and set aside.    Pour the oil (about 1/2 cup) from the roasting pan into a large skillet and  heat over medium-high heat for about 2 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon flour and  blend with a wire whisk for 5 to 6 minutes to make a medium-brown roux, the  color of peanut butter. Add 1 cup each chopped onions and celery and cook  stirring often, for 5 to 6 minutes. Add the chopped sweet potatoes and  roasted garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, for about 3 minutes. Add the  chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook,  stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens 6 to 7 minutes. Season  with salt, cayenne and the Steens Cane Syrup. Simmer for about 3 minutes.  Add the green onions and parsley. Lay the duck pieces in the sauce and  spoon it over. Increase the heat to medium, cover, and cook for about 20  minutes. Remove the lid and cook for 5 minutes more.    To serve, place a piece of duck in the center of each plate and spoon the  sauce over the top.    Recipe Source: EMERIL LIVE with Emeril Lagasse - adapted from his LOUISIANA  REAL AND RUSTIC (c) ???? - William Morrow Publishing From the TV FOOD  NETWORK - (Show # EM-1A76 broadcast 12-01-1997) Downloaded from their  Web-Site - http://www.foodtv.com    Formatted for MasterCook by Joe Comiskey, aka MR MAD - jpmd44a@prodigy.com  ~or- MAD-SQUAD@prodigy.net    12-05-1997    Recipe by: Emeril Lagasse