Apple Strudel
Golden raisins, Chopped walnuts, Tart apples, Sugar, Juice and rind of 1/2 lemon, Ground cinnamon, Ground nutmeg, Ground allspice, Unsalted butter, Fresh bread crumbs, frozen phyllo dough, 
To plump Raisins: Put raisins in boiling water and let sit 15 minutes, then  drain.    Mix together in a large bowl the raisins, nuts, apples, sugar, lemon juice,  zest and spices. Have the butter and bread crumbs ready. Preheat the oven  to 400 degrees.      Spread a towel or a couple of sheets of waxed paper on a counter. Working  quickly to keep the phyllo from drying out and keeping the remaining sheets  covered with a damp towel, place one sheet at the towel long side across.    Quickly brush it with some of the melted butter, stroking in one direction  to minimize inevitable tears. Place the second sheet about an inch below  the first, and brush it with more butter. Continue to overlap the sheets of  phyllo, brushing each with butter, to make a rectangle about 22 x 14  inches.    Scatter the bread crumbs over the phyllo, leaving a 3-inch border all  around. Spread the apple mixture evenly over the bread crumbs. Fold over  the border of two short sides on top of the filling, then fold over the  longer sides. Lifting the towel to help you, roll up the filling along the  long side to make a bundle about 16 x 4 x 2 inches. With spatulas, transfer  it seam-side down to a buttered baking sheet or jelly-roll pan. Brush the  top and ends with the remaining butter and bake until golden brown, 25 to  30 minutes. Let it cool somewhat on the sheet. Dust the strudel with  confectioners sugar, and serve still warm with lightly sweetened whipped  cream.      NOTES : Ready-made phyllo sheets, although not authentic, substitute well  for strudel dough and make the traditional Austrian desert possible without  a long days labor.  Have all the filling ingredients ready before you take  out the phyllo, and take care to keep the sheets from drying by covering  them with damp cloths.  Recipe by: A Feast Of Fruits    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1042 by "Marie Smith" ~~ltcraftee~~at;sprynet.com>  on Jan 24, 1998