Uncle Shels Badlands Bushwaker Sauce
Cider vinegar +, Paprika, Garlic -- fine chop, Jack Daniels or other burbon, ***SPICE BLEND***, Dried chipotles, Pods, (follwing), Whole cumin seed, Chilpectin or wild piquin, Dried habanero -- ground, Ancho stemmed but with, Hot or sweet hungarian, Cayenne, Lightly packed brown sugar, Wrights Liquid smoke, Juice of lemon or lime, Honey, Onion -- chopped, Whole black pepper corns, Garlic, Cider vinegar, Whole white peppercorns, Whole corriander seeds, Orange-habanero-chipotle oil, Seeds, Whole fennel seed, Tomato sauce, 
Saute the onion in the oil over medium- high heat until translucent, add  the minced garlic, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking for another  min. or two. Add the tomato sauce and stir well to mix. Add the remaining  ingredients, one at a time, down to and including the honey, stir after  each ingredients.    Add the spice blend ingredients to a spice grinder down to and including  the clove. Grind up all the ingredients until you get a medium fine,  somewhat grainy result. Add the habanero and the paprika and blend  together.    Stir in the spice mixture to the sauce, 1 teaspoon at a time until you find  the heat/flavor level you like (about 4-5 average). Add the cayenne  (opptional) and stir.After a min. or so add the burbon and the lemon juice  and let the sauce heat for another five min.or so, stiring every now and  again. Turn off heat let sauce steep for at least 1/2 hour or more to let  flavors meld.Taste and adjust your spice mixture. Serve as a hot table  sauce. This is not a marinade or a cooking sauce, although you might add a  light brushing to your meat or chiocken about 15 min. before removing from  grill.    Orange-Habanero-Chipotle oil 3-4 Chipotle dried peppers, 1 dried habanero,  2-3 tbls dried orange peel minced, 2 cups canola oil. In a spice mill  combine the dry ingredients and grind fine. Combine the spice mix with the  canola oil in a clean GLASS jar with a non-reactive top. let the mixture  sit in a cool place away from sunlight, for 2-3 days, shaking the jar 2-3  times per day. Filter the oil through a paper coffee filter into a clean  glass jar. Can be stored in the fridge upto 6 months. Note: It may take  some time for the oil to run through the filter completely.    