Unusal
See below, 
In college I moved into a house with three veterinary students who  couldnt cook. I mean, REALLY couldnt cook, instant coffee  confounded them. Fortunately, I could cook, I even enjoy cooking, so  a deal was struck that relieved me of almost all other chores,  particularly cleaning up after meals. One night one of them offered  to cook, it struck terror in my heart. He claimed he knew ONE recipe,  & it was quite good, so hes cooking. Hes even brought home all the  ingredients. Ok, fine, his rebellious act of cooking something  doesnt compel me to eat it. He boiled a lb. box of elbows, with just  a little help on my part (umm...why dont you wait until the water  boils before dumping those in? Turn the gas on, it will go faster,  trust me.) He drained them & put them back in the pot & put the pot  back on the flame (I raised an eyebrow.) He poured in a pint  container of light cream. He dumped in a stick (1/4lb) of butter. As  that warmed (now turn the gas *down*, trust me again, water is  different than cream...) he cut up a lb. box of Velveeta cheese &  dumped it into the mixture. Then, he scandalized me. He opened a  large can of tomatoes, the kind you might use in a spaghetti sauce  (although I doubt he knew therewere tomatoes in such sauces, they  were "spaghetti sauces", probably made of spaghetti as far as he  knew.) He dumped them in the pot & began stirring vigorously, sort of  chopping the tomatoes as he stirred, breaking them up at any rate.  Umm...tomatoes & cream dont get along all that well...could I have a  peek? Er, yes, you see..."Whaddya mean? Its PERFECT!" considered  teaching him the word "curdled", but I was sure it would go right  past him. He heated it a bit more, stirring all the way, & brought  his proud concoction to the table. Against my better judgement, I  tasted this admittedly pretty but mostly hopeless-looking mass that  was in my plate. It was quite good! Abandoning all good sense, I even  told him so. I suggested that next time he try stewed tomatoes,  without trying to explain what "stewed" meant outsi de of bar-rooms.  That variation was quite good also. He had a name for this dish,  damned if I can remember it. Panucci or something like that. I  suspect that what appealed to him about this recipe was that it  neatly used up the entire contents of every box & can he had to buy.  If you could manage to finish it, you wouldnt need to remember to  put anything away or figure out what to do with half a box of elbow  macaroni. To non-cooks, such things are major victories I suppose.  THIS IS IN RESPONSE TO THE UNUSAL ABOVE # He boiled a lb. box of  elbows, with just a little help on my part    Jeez, this bit had me going. My spine turned to ice & my knees to  jelly until I read further on & discovered that you were referring to  elbow-shaped pasta!  Whew! Sometimes cultural differences are hard to  remember about in this game...    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip