Tzimmes
Carrots, Brown sugar, Onion, Salt, kishke, Yams, White potatoes, Salt, Pepper, Eggs, Matzo meal, Pepper, Flank steak, 
Place meat in large pot that can go in the oven. Cover with water, add salt  and pepper and about 3/4 cup brown sugar. Bring to a boil and skin the scum  off the top. Taste for salt and sweetness, adding more if necessary. Add  cut up yams and carrots and reduce heat. Cook on a high simmer while  preparing the rest of the recipe.    Combine the remaining ingredients. This is just a recipe for potato kugel  which somehow in the tzimmes gets the name "ulke", at least in my family.  Again, taste this mixture for salt and pepper. It should be a medium thick  consistency, not watery. If necessary, add more matzo meal. Too much will  make it hard so try to judge.    Preheat the oven to 325.    Taste your broth in the meat and vegetables again, This will be the last  chance to adjust your seasonings.If you want a sweet result, do not be  afraid to get it too sweet. The broth should taste sweet. If there is a  large amount of liquid, spoon some off and reserve it. If you feel you need  more you can add it back. It should have enough liquid just to cover the  meat and vegetables and come to the level of the ulke when you add it. If  using the kishke, which I highly recommend, cut it into 2" pieces and  arrange it arount the outside of the pot.    DO NOT STIR AFTER THIS POINT.    Carefully spoon the Ulke mixture over the top of the meat mixture.Cover and  put the pot in the oven and bake for at least four hours. You cannot really  over bake this.    Serving Ideas : Remove meat and cut in pieces.    NOTES : I wish that I could be more accurate with amounts but this should  give you a "Jumping Off" point and then you can adjust to your tastes. For  the holidays, when oven space and time is at a premium, I like to make the  tzimmes at night and put it in a 225 oven overnight to bake.  When you are  exhausted the next morning, the wonderful smell in the house will greet you  and encourage you to get up and cook some more.  Recipe by: Judy Sherman with help from earlier generations    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #325 by "Judy Sherman" <jsherman@ici.net>  on Dec 14, 1997