Uncle Tais Beef
Soy sauce, Flank steak, Flavor enhancer (optional), Fresh ginger; thin, cut in, Baking soda, Dried orange peel, Sesame oil, Long hot red pepper; chopped, Egg white, Salt, Plus, Dry sherry, Sugar, Chicken broth, Scallions; cut in 1/2 inch, Peanut oil, Plus, Water, Cornstarch, Dried small red pepper pods, 
Place steak on a flat surface. Holding a sharp knife parallel to the beef,  slice it in half width-wise. Cut each half into very thin strips, about  1/4-inch. There should be about 4 cups loosely packed strips. Place beef in  a mixing bowl and add 2/3 cup water blended with the soda. Refrigerate at  least 1 hr., preferably overnight. When ready to cook, rinse beef  thoroughly under cold running water. Drain thoroughly and pat dry. Add  salt, 1 tbs. sherry and egg white and stir until bubbly. Add 1-1/2 tbs.  cornstarch and 2 tbs. oil. Stir to blend. Combine the scallions, dried  orange peel, fresh ginger and fresh red pepper. Set aside. Combine the  remaining 2 tbs. wine, soy sauce, (opt.) flavor enhancer, sugar, remaining  2 tbs. cornstarch blended with remaining 3 tbs. water, sesame oil and  chicken broth. Stir to blend. Heat remaining 4 cups oil in a wok or skillet  and when it is almost smoking, add the beef. Cook about 45 seconds,  stirring constantly. Scoop it out. Drain meat well, leaving oil in the wok  continuously heating. Return meat to wok and cook over high heat 15  seconds, stirring. Drain again. Return meat a third time to the hot oil and  cook, stirring. Drain the meat. Drain wok completely. Return 2 tbs. of the  oil to the wok and add hot pepper pods. Stir peppers over high heat until  brown and almost blackened, about 30 seconds. Remove. Add scallion mixture  and stir. Add beef and cook, stirring constantly, about 10 seconds. Add  sherry mixture, stirring, and cook about 15 seconds until hot and meat is  well coated.    UNCLE TAIS    SOUTH POST OAK, HOUSTON    WINE: WAN FU    From the <Micro Cookbook Collection of Chinese Recipes>.  Downloaded from  G Internet, G Internet.