Asian Rice and Lentil Patties (Betty Crocker)
brown rice, RICE AND LENTILS, Water, PATTIES, cashews, Dry bread crumbs, Stirfry sauce, green onions, Egg, VEGETABLE SAUCE, celery, Water, Dried lentils, carrot, Stirfry sauce, 
Rice and Lentils. Heat rice, lentils and water to boiling in a 2-quart  saucepan; reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer 30 to 40 minutes, stirring  occassionally, until lentils are tender and water is absorbed. Cool  slightly.    Patties. Mash rice mixture slightly with fork. Stir in remaining  ingredients to complete the mixture. Shape into 4 rounds about 1/2 inch  thick. Spray 10-inch skillet with vegetable cooking spray. Cook patties in  skillet about 10 minutes, turning once, until golden brown. Remove from  skillet and keep warm.    Vegetable Sauce. In the same skillet, heat all ingredients to boiling;  reduce heat to medium. cover and cook up to 5 minutes, stirring  occassionaly, until vegetables are crisp-tender. Add patties to the  skillet. Cover and cook over medium heat about 5 to 8 minutes or until the  patties are hot. Serve sauce and patties over noodles or rice with a green  vegetable along side.    [210 Cals, 55 cals from fat; 6g total fat.]    Tip. Cut the time in half by using leftover rice and lentils. Reheat them  with a little water or broth to produce the needed starch. Let cool to the  touch and make the patties    [Published by The Kitchen Path http://home.earthlink.net/~kitpath  08/08/98(Sun) Bookreview]    TESTED: Based on the time-saving tip, I used the idea (not necessarily the  proportions). I mixed 1/4 cup white rice leftover from Chinese dinner with  1/2 cup cooked red lentils. Added the cashews, some crumbs, a little sauce  and some chives for color: omitted egg. Made 4 small patties; placed in  freezer while I made a vegetable sauce (1-cup total) with red and green  bell pepper strips, carrots and celery, spring onion and stir fry sauce;  salt and pepper and a pinch of red pepper flakes; added vegetable broth and  cornstarch so that we each got about 1/2 cup moist sauce. For the pasta, I  made angel hair spaghetti tossed with shredded napa and cumin seed.  Meanwhile browned the patties with vegetable oil spray and completed the  heating in the toasted oven. Served 2 or 3. It was delicious! -Pat H.    NOTES : Stirfry sauce is a variation on sweet-sour and teriyaki and may be  labeled Asian gourmet or master sauce. Or try a vegetarian oyster sauce or  Japanese style sweet sour sauce made with apricot and peppers. Serve the  patties on a bed of rice or Chinese noodles. Accompany with green beans or  broccoli. Total Time: 20 mins preparation and 50 mins cooking (see TIP).  Makes 4 patties. *Recipe from Betty Crockers Vegetarian Cooking: Easy  Meatless Main Dishes. (Macmillan 1998)    Recipe by: Vegetarian Cooking: Easy Meatless Main Dishes*    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Aug 19,  1998, 