Tzimmes and a Gahtzah Tzimmes
Carrots, Flour, Beef plate brisket, Salt, Brown sugar, EINBREN or THICKENING:, Schmaltz (rendered chicken, Carrot stock, 
From "Love and Knishes".    "Tzimmes" is a word impossible to translate. Ask anyone, "What is a  tzimmes?" and you get the answer, "You dont know what a tzimmes is?" This  is not very satisfactory as you can see.    The closest I have come to an answer is that a tzimmes is a mishmash. Now a  mishmash is a hodgepodge and a hodgepodge is...not a tzimmes, believe  me...its a big thing in anyones life. A Gahntze Tsimmes is really  somethig to boast about--a big production! For instance, from a good  tzimmes, a cook is entitled to make a gahntze tzimmes. (Some people think  of a tzimmes as a dessert). In my opinion is a one dish meal usually served  as the fourth course in a six-course dinner. A Tzimmes can be made from  almost any ingredient. From my wall-to-wall carpeting I could make a  tzimmes, and from my new mink coat I am justified in making a gahntze  tzimmes.    Of course, there are some people who think not. You will find people who  will begrudge you anything. They will say, "Shes got a mink coat so shes  making from it a gahntze tsimmes. I knew her when she only had a Persian  lamb."    From all these things you can make a tzimmes, but most tzimmeses are made  from carrots.    Carrot Tzimmes    Simmer brisket in water to cover till almost tender (about 1 1/2 hours). By  this time the water will have boiled down to about half the original  amount. Peel carrots and slice in half-inch rounds. Add carrots, salt and  sugar to meat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer till carrots are  very tender (about 45 minutes). Brown flour in a very small skillet,  stirring constantly to prevent burning. When flour is very light brown,  remove from burner. Add schmaltz and stir till smooth. Gradually stir in  carrot stock to make a smooth paste. Add this paste to the carrots,  stirring it carefully. Continue to simmer till stock has thickened (10 to       15    minutes.    