Two-Egg Cake with Seven-Minute Frosting
Vanilla extract, Frosting:, Cake:, Salt, Sugar, Flour; Unsifted, Baking Powder, milk, Light corn syrup, Salt, Egg white, Eggs, Vanilla extract, Sugar, Water, Butter, 
INSTRUCTIONS for cake: Cream butter until smooth. Gradually add sugar and  beat until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after  each  addition.  Sift flour, baking powder and salt together.  Add to  creamed mixture alternately with milk, beginning and ending with flour.  Stir in vanilla.  Put batter into two greased 8-inch layer pans lined with  paper (or spray pans with Bakers Joy). Bake at 375F for 20-25 minutes.  Frost with Seven-Minute Frosting.    Seven-Minute Frosting: Heat water to boiling in the lower part of double  boiler. Water in lower part should surround upper part. Place water, egg  white, syrup, sugar and salt in upper part of double boiler.  Beat the  mixture with a rotary egg beater or electric beater, rapidly at first, then  steadily and continuously for about 7 minutes.  Keep water boiling in lower  part of double boiler during the beating.  Remove from heat, pour out hot  water and fill with cold water, and replace upper part of double boiler.  Allow mixture to stand for 5 minutes.  Add vanilla and stir.    Frosting Variations: Brown Sugar Frosting: Substitute 1 cup firmly packed  brown sugar for white sugar; use 2 tablespoons water in place of 3  tablespoons.  Omit corn syrup.    Fruit and Nut Frosting:  Add 1/2 cup nuts, figs, dates or seedless raisins,  or a combination of these when adding vanilla.    Coconut Frosting:  Coconut may be mixed with frosting or sprinkled on the  top.    > From: tpogue@ids2.idsonline.com (terry pogue)    NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION: Calories per slice: 251; Fat: 5.4g (%cal from fat:  19.5%)  Posted to Digest eat-lf.v096.n160    Date: Fri, 20 Sep 1996 07:32:30 -0700    From: Reggie Dwork <reggie@reggie.com>  NOTES : Nutrition according to MC: Cal 256.2 Fat 5.2g Carbs 49.6g Fiber 0g  Pro  3.6g Sodium 242mg CFF 18%