Unleavened Griddle-Baked Pita
Vegetable oil, ; 90-110 Deg F, All-Purpose Flour;, 2 C All-Purpose Flour & 1 C, Salt, Warm Water; To 1 1/2 C,, 
1. Mix with a wooden spoon, the flour & salt in a large bowl.  Add water  till the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl and is no longer  sticky and is smooth.    2.  Knead till smooth & elastic on a well floured board - 5 minutes.    3. Shape the dough into a rectangle, and divide into 12 smooth balls. Cover  with sliighly damp towels & let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.    4 . Gently press each ball flat, keeping round shape.  With floured work  surface & rolling pin, roll each round to a 6 to 7 inch circle, paper thin.  Cover with a slighly damp towel.    5.  Lightly oil a griddle or large skillet & warm over medium high heat  until hot. Gently stretch each round as thin as possible without holes as  you place it on the griddle. Cook until browned, bubbly spots appear on the  bottom, about 1 1/2 minutes; turn and brown the other side. Remove from the  pan and immediately wrap in a clean towel until cool enough to handle.  Serve warm or at room temp.    6.  Repeat with all. Pan will have to be re-oiled after 3-4.  Do not add  too much oil or the pitas will be soggy and heavy.    Makes 12    The inquiry about Lebanese flat bread sent me back to the local library,  where I remembered seeing a book that might be of interest.    It is "Pita The Great" by  Virginia T. Habeeb. Workman Publishing, NYC,  1986    On pg 13, the author says,"The Lebanese marook is shaped by hand in much  the same manner as pizza, by tossing and stretching the dough until it is  well over a foot in size. It is then flipped onto a concave shaped metal  surface set over a heat source where it bakes quickly in minutes. The  Armenians have a similar bread, called lavash, which is baked to a  cracker-like crispness and measures anywhere from 5 to 20 inches."    Then on page 31 is a recipe for Unleavened Griddle-Baked Pita.    From: CorgiSews@aol.com  From: Bread-Bakers Archives: ftp.best.com/pub/reggie/archives/bread/recipe    Recipe By     : "Pita The Great" by  Virginia T. Habeeb