Twice-Baked Souffle
milk, Mature farmhouse cheddar, Onion, finely chopped, Chopped fresh mixed herbs, Butter, Eggs, Single cream, Cherry tomatoes, halved, Seasoning, Dry English mustard powder, Plain flour, Ground nutmeg, Bunch fresh basil leaves, Egg white, 
1. Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4. Lightly grease six 175ml/6 fl oz  ramekins or tea cups. Heat the milk in a pan with the onion and nutmeg  until just boiling. Strain into a jug and discard the onion.    2. Melt the butter in a pan, add the mustard powder and flour and cook for  1 minute, stirring occasionally. Bring to the boil and simmer for 1 minute  until thick and glossy. Add two-thirds of the cheese and stir until melted.  Season to taste. Allow the sauce to cool slightly, then beat in the egg  yolks.    3. Whisk the egg whites until stiff, then using a large metal spoon,  carefully fold into the souffl? base with the chopped herbs. Divide the  mixture between the prepared ramekins or tea cups and place in a large  roasting tin so that it comes halfway up the sides of the ramekins. The  dishes should be no more than two-thirds full with the mixture. Bake for  15-20 minutes until the mixture is risen, golden and set.    4. Allow the souffl?s to cool (they will sink slightly). Loosen from the  ramekins and turn out on to a tray. At this stage they can be refrigerated  for up to 2 days before re-baking.    5. Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6. Butter 6 individual ovenproof  serving dishes and place the souffl?s upside down in the dishes. Sprinkle  over the remaining cheese, cherry tomatoes and basil leaves (in photo both  arranged round outside of souffl? - leaning up against it) then pour over  the cream and bake for 14-15 minutes until golden. Serve immediately.    NOTES : Preparation: 15 minutes Cooking: 45 minutes Serves 6 Per serving:  327 cals, 26g fat Author Vanessa Scott: This foolproof recipe is one of my  favourites because of the preparation you can do in advance. You can cook  it once and put in the fridge overnight. Then all you need do the next day  is pour over the cream, herbs and tomatoes and bake for the second time -  with perfect results. I often make it in batches and store it in the fridge  for one or two days before baking it for the second time. Depending on the  seasons, I also add various ingredients to the cream, such as fresh  tomatoes or basil or I might use wild mushrooms gathered fresh from the  woods nearby.  Recipe by: BBC Vegetarian Good Food, July 1997 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest  V1 #645 by Kerry Erwin <kerry@north.org> on Jun 16, 1997