Two-Potato Pork and Cabbage Casserole
Sweet potatoes; (abt 1, milk, Part-skim mozzarella, Chopped parsley for garnish, Potatoes; (abt 2 pounds), All-purpose flour, Green cabbage head; (2 1/2, Shredded cheese, Pork sausage meat, Salad oil, Onion, Salt, Pepper, Caraway seeds, 
1. In 8-quart saucepot, heat white and sweet potatoes and enough water to  cover to boiling. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer 25 minutes or until  potatoes are almost tender but still firm when pierced with a fork. (Check  sweet potatoes after 20 minutes as they cook faster than white potatoes.)  Drain potatoes; set aside until cool enough to handle. 2. Meanwhile, thinly  slice cabbage and onion; set aside. In 5-quart Dutch oven or saucepot over  medium-high heat, cook sausage until golden brown, stirring frequently.  With slotted spoon, spoon sausage into a small bowl. Discard all but 2  tablespoons fat from sausage in Dutch oven. 3. Over medium-high heat, in  remaining sausage fat, cook cabbage, onion, caraway seeds, pepper, and 1  teaspoon salt until cabbage is tender and browned, stirring frequently. 4.  Prepare white sauce: In 2-quart saucepan over medium heat, into hot salad  oil, stir flour; cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Gradually stir in milk  and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring constantly, until sauce boils and  thickens. Remove saucepan from heat. 5. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.  Drain potatoes. Peel and slice potatoes into 1/2-inch-thick slices. On  bottom of 13" by 9" glass baking dish, layer half of sliced potatoes. Spoon  cabbage mixture over potato layer; sprinkle sausage and half of shredded  cheese over cabbage layer. Top with remaining potatoes and cheese. Pour  white sauce over casserole. Cover baking dish with foil and bake 45 minutes  or until hot and bubbly. If you like, garnish with parsley. 10 servings.  Each serving: About 380 calories, 19 g fat, 44 mg cholesterol, 785 mg  sodium. jmerrill@prodigy.com  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "M. Hicks" <nitro_ii@email.msn.com> on Feb  13, 1998