Autumn Minestrone with Kale Pesto
Diced tomatoes; canned, with, Vegetarian bouillon, Green beans; ends trimmed, Leafy celery top, Piece carrot, Bay leaf, SOUP, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Onion, Garlic, Carrots; diced, Chopped fresh sage or, Chopped fresh parsley;, Fresh Cilantro, Kale pesto; see recipe, Grated Parmesan, Water, Head savoy cabbage; halved, Salt and cayenne pepper; to, ADDITIONS, Light olive oil or canola, Garlic cloves; halved, Chopped fresh rosemary, Parsnip; diced, Dried white beans; such as, Wheat berries; soaked, 
MAKES 4-quarts; 8 as main course.    BEANS AND WHEAT BERRIES: Rinse the soaked beans and wheat berries and put  them in a pressure cooker. Add the water, leafy piece of celery, chunk of  carrot, bay leaf or two, light olive oil or canola oil and garlic cloves,  halved, green centers removed. Stir well. The pressure cooker should be  about half full, no more than two-thirds full. Cover and lock; heat to full  pressure. Let cook under pressure about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and  let the cooker stand on the same burner for about 1 hour or until it cools  of its own accord. Discard the celery; mash the cooked chunk of carrot.  Remove the bay leaf and boiled garlic (if you prefer). Pour the beans and  wheat berries into a large strainer over a 4-cup or large measuring bowl.    Blanch the green beans in plenty of boiling water for abotu 60 to 90  seconds. Transfer to a bowl of ice water. Drain. Set aside.    SOUP: While the cooker cools, start the soup. In a large pot or Dutch oven  (5-6 qt), heat (extra) virgin olive oil to medium and add the onion. Cook,  stirring, until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the minced garlic, diced carrot,  diced parsnip, half of the chopped cabbage, sage (chopped or chiffonade)  and rosemary. Cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 4 minute more. Add  pinches of salt and cayenne pepper. Stir well.    Finally add the tomatoes with juice, water reserved from pressure cooker,  vegetarian bouillon (cubes or paste) and the rest of the cabbage. Add water  to cover the vegetables by about 1/2-inch or more. Bring to a simmer (do no  boil); cover; reduce heat; and simmer gently at least 15 minutes. Add the  green beans, white beans and wheat berries. Heat through. Add parsley,  cilantro and kale pesto. Turn off heat and let stand about 5 minutes.    Adjust seasonings with salt, pepper, rubbed sage, garlic powder. Serve with  a warmed crusty french roll. Offer the Parmesan at table.    (The soup will keep, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.)    Hanneman Tested: 10/12/98 [Per serving Calories 236; Fat 6G (20%cff);  Cholesterol 6mg; Sodium 271mg; Potassium 760mg; 38g carbs, 5g fiber -  estimate: wheat berries are not in the database]    NOTES : Based on Janet Fletchers Soup and Barbara Gollman and Kim Pierces  Phytopia Pesto.    Recipe by: based on Eating Well Oct 1998 p66: "Autumn Minestrone"    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Oct 13,  1998, 