Upside-Down French Toast with Apple and Banana
Eggs, Challah bread, cut 1 inch, Each ground cinnamon,, Ripe bananas, Fresh Lemon Juice, Light brown sugar, Maple syrup, ( 1/2 stick) butter, Vanilla extract, milk, Tart apples, 
Copyright Washington Post    This spectacular French toast, adapted from "Nicole Routhiers Fruit  Cookbook" (Workman, 1996), is similar to a caramelized tarte tatin, the  French upside-down apple tart. As Routhier writes, it needs no additional  butter or syrup. Just a side of bacon or sausage, and thats it.    Peel, core and cut each apple into 3/4-inch-thick wedges. Place the apple  wedges in a large mixing bowl and toss gently with the lemon juice to  prevent discoloration. Peel the bananas, and slice them crosswise 3/4 inch  thick. Add the bananas to the apples and toss to coat evenly with lemon  juice. Sprinkle the cinnamon, ginger, cloves and nutmeg over the fruits,  and toss well to combine. Melt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a large  skillet over medium-high heat. Add the fruit and saute until tender, about  30 seconds. Add the brown sugar and maple syrup and cook until the sugar is  dissolved, 30 seconds longer. Remove from the heat. Pour the contents into  a lightly buttered 13-by-9-inch baking pan. In a medium-sized bowl, beat  the eggs, then stir in the milk and vanilla. Dip the bread slices into the  egg mixture just to moisten (both sides), then place them over the fruit in  a single layer in the pan, making sure to cover the fruit entirely. (You  may need to slice some of the bread in half in order to cover the fruit.)  Pour any leftover egg mixture over the bread. Dot the bread with the  remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Let the mixture sit for 10 minutes. (This  can be prepared up to this point in advance, covered and refrigerated  overnight.) Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Bake the French toast,  uncovered, until the top is golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes.  Place a serving tray over the pan, and carefully turn it over to unmold the  French toast. Spoon any syrup or fruit left in the pan over the bread, and  serve at once.    Per serving: 541 calories, 12 gm protein, 91 gm carbohydrates, 16 gm fat,  195 mg cholesterol, 8 gm saturated fat, 335 mg sodium    Posted to FOODWINE Digest 19 Dec 96    From:    Laurie Thompson <llt@GWIS2.CIRC.GWU.EDU>    Date:    Thu, 19 Dec 1996 14:26:59 -0500