Twelfth Night King Cake
Egg yolks, Ground cinnamon, Hot roll mix, (16 oz), Plastic baby or bean,, Violet and green and yellow, Granulated sugar, Vanilla extract, All-purpose flour, Orange peel, grated, Heavy cream, Lemon peel, grated, Butter or margarine, melted, 
Combine hot roll mix, 3/4 cup granulated sugar and grated peels in large  bowl. Stir in egg yolks, 4 tablespoons melted butter, and 2 cups of very  hot tap water. Take dough out and put onto a well-floured work surface.  Knead dough 2 minutes until smooth; let rest, covered, for 5 minutes. Heat  oven to 375 . Roll dough out to a 20 X 12 inch rectangle. Brush with  remaining 2 tablespoons of melted butter. Sprinkle 1/4 cup granulated sugar  and cinnamon over dough. Fold dough lengthwise in half. Roll rolling pin  lightly over dough to seal. Cut dough into 3 lengthwise strips. Braid  strips, starting at center and working toward each end; do not seal strips  at ends. Tuck plastic baby or bean between 2 strips of braid to conceal.  Place on lightly greased cookie sheet, forming into oval with ends  touching. Brush ends of strips lightly with water; pinch opposing strip  ends together to form a continuous braid. Cover with a kitchen towel; let  rise in warm draft-free place for 20 minutes until slightly puffed. Bake 10  minutes; reduce oven temperature to 350 bake 20 minutes longer or until  golden brown, covering withfoil for the last 5 minutes if becoming too  brown. Cool cake on rack. Meanwhile, beat confectioners sugar, cream and  vanilla in large bowl with mixer at medium speed until smooth. Pour  frosting over cooled cake, allowing it to run down the sides. Divide  remaining 3/4 cup of granulated sugar among 3 small bowls. Stir a different  paste food color into each. Sprinkle colored sugars alternating over  frosting. Serves 10-12. Festival: Mardi Gras of Imperial Calcasieu, Inc.;  January 6-February 28, 1995.    Recipe by: Cajun Country Recipes    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #469 by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on  Feb 03, 1997.