Applesauce Cake
Nutmeg, Pure vanilla extract, Light brown sugar, Baking Powder, Apple, Peeled And Very, Chopped Pecans, Toasted, Tbls Calvados ( French, Salt, Plus 1/4 Cup Superfine Sugar, Substituted, Store Bought Applesauce Can, Cinnamon, Ground cloves, Ground ginger, Homemade Applesauce (Recipe, (2 Sticks) Plus 3 Tbls., Plus Soft Butter To Coat Pan, Plus 3 Tbls. All Purpose, 
Heat oven to 325F.  Brush a 10 inch springform pan with soft butter.  Coat  the pan with 1/4 cup superfine sugar, lightly tap out excess sugar, and set  pan aside. Combine 1 cup butter and remaining 2 cups superfine sugar in a  bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Beat on medium  speed, scraping down the side with a rubber spatula, until mixture is light  and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Carefully fold in the applesauce. Do not  overmix. Sift together 2 3/4 cups flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon  nutmeg, cloves, salt, and baking powder. Fold the dry ingredients and  pecans into the applesauce mixture. Add the vanilla, Calvados, and apple  slices, and mix until just combined. Transfer the batter to the prepared  springform pan.  Combine the remaining 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespons  flour, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, brown sugar, and ginger  in a small mixing bowl.  Mix with fingers until just combined, and sprinkle  lightly over batter.  Place cake in oven and bake until a cake tester  inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour and 50  minutes.  Let stand until completely cool.    Applesauce Makes about 7 cups    18 McIntosh apples about 6 lbs. peeled, cored, and quartered. 1 cup apple  cider 1 large cinnamon stick      1/2    vanilla bean 1 teaspoon ground ginger      1/2    teaspoon ground cardamom      1/2    teaspoon ground nutmeg      1/2    teaspoon ground mace 1/2 cp sugar, or to taste 2 tablespoons  fresh lemon juice (about 1 lemon, strained)    Combine apples, apple cider, cinnamon, vanilla bean, ginger, cardamom,  nutmeg, mace, sugar, and lemon juice in a large heavy bottomed wide  saucepan. Place the saucepan over medium heat, and cook, stirring often  with a wooden spoon to prevent scorching, until the apples are broken down  and saucy, about 50 to 60 minutes. Mash any large pieces of apple with a  large wooden spoon to help them break down. Adjust seasoning to taste with  more sugar and spices. Remove the apple mixture from the heat, and let  stand to cool completely before serving, discarding the cinnamon sticks and  vanilla pod.  Applesauce can also be stored in an airtight container for 2  to 3 days in refrigerator.  Recipe By     : Martha Stewart Oct. 1996    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #226    Date: Fri, 27 Sep 1996 10:22:26 -0400    From: Eileen & Bob Holze <beck4@asan.com>    NOTES : Resist eating this cake fresh from the oven.  The flavor reaches  its peak when refrigerated overnight.