Arroz Brasileiro (Rice with Tomatoes and Onions)
Raw Long-grain Rice, Water; heated to the boil, Tomatoes; peeled; seeded,, Chicken Stock; heated to the, olive oil, Onion; thinly sliced, Salt, 
The Cook & Kitchen Staff are taking you to four different corners of the  world to serve up a variety of regional holiday specialties. Were  currently offering you a taste of holiday treats from Brazil.    Todays recipe would also be served as a side dish with a traditional  Turkey feast in holiday homes throughout Brazil. One should note that  Brazil has not experienced a stable economy for many years. Because many  Brazilian families of modest means could not afford an extravagant  Christmas holiday, a law was passed in the early 1960s to help make  Christmas more affordable.    The "13th salary," or Christmas bonus, pays each Brazilian worker an  additional months salary in November and/or December. This law attempts to  ensure that Brazilians have the extra money required to celebrate the  holidays. Although todays recipe is not required by law to be included,  you will find it a frugal addition to your holiday fare, should you elect  to serve it with tomorrows featured recipe, the Christmas Turkey!    In a heavy 3-quart saucepan over medium heat, warm the olive oil for about  a minute, tipping the pan to coat the bottom evenly.    Add the onion and saute, stirring constantly, for about 5 minutes or until  the onion is soft and transparent, but not yet brown.    Pour in the rice and stir for about 3 minutes, until all the grains are  coated with the oil. (Do not let the rice brown.)    Add the boiling chicken stock and water to the rice. Add the tomatoes and  salt, and return the mixture to the boil, making sure to stir occasionally.  Cover the saucepan and reduce the heat to a simmer.    Cook for 20 minutes or until the rice has absorbed all the liquid. Serve  warm.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Dec 5, 1998, 