Turkey Chipotle Chili
Bay leaf, Vegetable oil, Sour cream, Salt, mild green chilies, canned, Water, Fresh tomatillos, Chicken broth, fresh coriander, whole tomatillos, canned, Onions, Green bell pepper, Cornmeal, Garlic, Ground turkey, white beans, canned, whole Chipotle ?, canned, Ground cumin, Dried oregano, 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 1996 09:15:34 -0500    From: Judy Howle <howle@EbiCom.net>    from the Epicurious site. The URL of the site is http://www.epicurious.com  Gourmet Magazine, December 1992.    Although this recipe doesnt produce the familiar-looking red chili--its  more green than red--it does turn out a chili that has become one of our  staff favorites.    NOTE: Chipotles and tomatillos are available at Hispanic markets, some  specialty foods shops, and some supermarkets    If using the canned chipotle chilies, in a blender puree them with the  water and reserve the puree. If using dried chipotle chilies, stem and seed  them wearing rubber gloves, in a small bowl let them soak in the  boiling-hot water for 20 minutes, and in a blender puree the mixture,  reserving the puree.    In a large heavy kettle cook the onions and 5 of the garlic cloves, minced,  in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the onions are softened, add  the cumin, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the turkey  and cook the mixture, stirring and breaking up the lumps, until the turkey  is no longer pink. Add the reserved chipotle puree, the reserved tomatillo  puree, the broth, the bay leaf, the oregano, and the salt and simmer the  mixture, uncovered, adding more water if necessary to keep the turkey  barely covered, for 1 hour. Stir in the bell pepper, the canned green  chilies, and the cornmeal and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally,  for 30 minutes. Stir in the white beans, the coriander, the remaining 2  garlic cloves, minced, and salt to taste, simmer the chili for 3 to 5  minutes, or until the beans are heated through, and discard the bay leaf.  The chili may be frozen or made 3 days in advance, cooled, uncovered, and  kept covered and chilled.  Serve the chili with the sour cream. Makes about       14    cups, serving 6 to 8    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V2 #294    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.