Baked Acorn Squash
Salt to taste, Black Pepper, Butter or margarine, Brown Sugar, Acorn Squash, 
The Cook and Kitchen Staff at Recipe-a-Day are currently offering you a few  recipes from our Fruits of the Fall harvest collection. Of course, todays  recipe isnt for a fruit at all -- its for a vegetable.    Now is a great time to head down to your local grocers or Farmers Market  and sample their variety of winter squash. This time of the year youll  find a veritable multitude of Acorn, Butternut, Buttercup, and Hubbard  squash brimming over with rich nutrients including Vitamins A and C. The  deep green and golden vine-ripened vegetables are also a great source of  niacin and calcium.    Todays recipe is a basic and youll want to have a few Acorn squash handy  to prepare this delicious vegetable side dish. Winter squash can be stored  in a well-ventilated area at 50 to 55 degrees for up to four weeks, so get  this member of the gourd family ready to join you at the dinner table the  entire month of October, and enjoy its seasonal goodness.  Rinse, dry, then cut Acorn squash into halves, lengthwise. Remove the seeds  from the center and discard. Place squash halves, cut side down, in a  shallow baking pan. Bake in a pre-heated 400-F degree oven for about 30  minutes.    Remove the squash from the oven and turn cut side up. Equally distribute  the butter, placing one tablespoon into each half. Sprinkle with salt and  then sprinkle one tablespoon of brown sugar over each half. Add a dash of  pepper, if desired; then return the squash to the oven after reducing the  heat to 350-F degrees. Continue to bake another 30 minutes, or until the  squash is tender.    Serve warm squash halves in their skins. To store any leftovers, remove  skin or scoop out any remaining squash, and refrigerate for up to 3 days.  Kitchen Staff Tip: Cant get enough of a good thing? Then freeze some  winter squash today for use throughout the year. To prepare, simply cut  squash in half and discard the seeds. Cut into slices or serving pieces, if  desired. Place squash in a shallow baking pan with about 1/2 inch of water.  Bake in a pre-heated oven at 350-F degrees for about 40 minutes or until  tender. Separate pulp from rind and mash, if you wish, to freeze. Place in  freezer containers, leaving about a half-inch of freezing-expansion room on  the top. Otherwise, you can pack the cooked pieces into plastic bags and  freeze as is. Frozen winter squash will last up to 3 months in a freezer  compartment and up to a year in a deep freeze.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 13, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.