Turnip Fritters with Tomato Lemon Sauce (Tuscan)
fresh oregano, Lemon, squeezed, Fresh red chile pepper, scallion tops, Italian plum tomatoes, Salt and pepper, Salt, Unbleached flour, SAUCE, Vegetable oil, Onion, Turnips, Vegetable broth, FRITTERS, Eggs, 
1. To make the sauce, combine all ingredients in a saucepan and simmer over  low heat for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. TIP! Crush each tomato by  sqeezing, in your hand; squeeze over the saucepan to catch the juice. The  sauce may be made up to 1 day in advance, refrigerated and reheated.    2. For the fritters, place all ingredients save the oil in a large bowl and  mix well. The batter will be somewhat loose.    3. Heat 1/4 cup oil over high heat. Spoon 1/4 cup of the batter into the  skillet at a time, putting as many fritters in the pan as can fit without  crowding. Cook until lightly browned on one side (3-5 mins), turn with a  spatula and brown the other side. Drain the fritters on paper towls. Repeat  with remaining batter until all the fritters are cooked. Top with  tomato-lemon sauce and serve.    Recipe: "Frittelle di Rapa Bianca" from SOLO VERDURA, by Anne Bianchi (1997  Ecco Press). MAKES about 12 fritters; 60 minutes, with moderate difficulty.  TO SERVE: Fritters with soup or a salad; fritters in place of bread;  brunch; snack.    Authors Notes: "Fritters are a Tuscan mainstay, whether made from  chestnuts, baccala (Codfish), or as suggested here, turnips. I can remember  many a winter afternoon sneaking into the kitchen when these fritters were  being made and sliding one off the platter while the cooks back was  turned. There were never any left over at my house, no matter how many were  made, so I have absolutely no advice as to what to do should you make too  many. Which is impossible, of course." --AB    >>Edited by Pat Hanneman mc-PER FRITTER 37% cff: 88 cals; 3.7 g fat if half  the oil from frying is retained. >Submited to MCrecipe 98-mar Pats Note:  The following LF method has worked well for crab cakes and potato pancakes.  Try it with the turnip fritters. If the first batch of 3 or 4 small  fritters are not properly cooked with the lowfat method, cook the remaining  batter in oil. MC-PER 1/4-cup: without oil: 20% cff: 68 cals; 1.6g fat.    LF Version: The following advice comes from the Stanford University Healthy  Heart Cookbook. Substitute egg whites and beat then into soft peaks. Fold  the ingredients together to keep as much air as possible. Coat a large  nonstick skillet or griddle lightly with vegetable spray. Use moderately  hot heat: when a spray of water dances on the surface, spread 3-inch  circles of the batter onto the hot surface. Make the fritters half-sized;  thick fritters wont cook through. Cook about 1 to 2 minutes on each side.  Optional: Cover with parchment or a fine mesh splatter screen to aid  cooking; do not use foil or a surface that will condense steam.    Recipe by: SOLO VERDURA, by Anne Bianchi    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 19,  1998