Arkansas German Baked Pancake
Honey, Granny Smith apples;, All-purpose flour, Lemon juice, Whipped cream (I omitted, Eggs (I used 1 Egg, Sifted powdered sugar, APPLE FILLING, Cinnamon, Apple filling (below), Vanilla extract, Salt, Milk (I used skim), 
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 19:09:50 -0400    From: Jim Porter <jporter@pbsj.com>  Here is a breakfast dish that was in Southern Living magazine this spring,  published from /The Dairy Hollow House Cookbook/.  I originally (before  finding this list) made it according to the recipe -- not fat-free.  For  this past Sundays breakfast I trimmed it back, and it came out just as  well.  I thought you might enjoy it too.    This is basically a big, puffy pancake that you cover with sauteed apples  and slice into wedges.  For the apple filling, I just modified the  (microwave) "sauteed" apples recipe posted in the archives (courtesy Asha  Dornfest), instead of sauteeing with 1/4 c of butter.    (Spray "skillet" with cooking spray.)    HEAT a 12-inch cast-iron skillet in a 450 degree oven for 5 mins. (I just  used my chili pot, with the plastic handles removed. Youll want something  a little deep, as this pancake puffs-up when cooking)    COMBINE first 3 ingredients in a mixing bowl; beat at medium speed with  electric mixer until  smooth.  Add flour and salt; beat 5 mins.    POUR batter into hot skillet.  Bake at 450 for 15 mins.; reduce heat to  350, and bake 8 mins., or until puffed and browned. Remove from oven; spoon  Apple Filling over pancake (pancake will deflate). Sprinkle with powdered  sugar. Cut into wedges, and serve immediately. Yield 4 servings.    APPLE FILLING: Place apples in microwavable container with a squeeze of  lemon juice and a sprinkling of cinnamon (and Butter Buds, if you like).  Cook on high for 4 minutes, or more -- till desired tenderness (I cook it  longer (double?, stirring after half the time), as I like them tender.  Remove from microwave; stir in honey, and let sit till you are ready to  use.    FATFREE DIGEST V96 #175    From the Fatfree Vegetarian recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.