Applesauced Meat Loaf
Eggs, Ketchup, Ground allspice, Lean ground beef, Gingered Applesauce-----, Newtown Pippin, Minced Onions, Store-Bought -- See Recipe, Fresh Lemon Juice, Finely Grated, Apples, Mcintosh, Cortland,, Sugar -- Or More If Needed, Packed, Peeled Fresh Ginger --, Light Brown Sugar -- Firmly, Gingered Applesauce Or, Garlic, Cold Milk, Salt, Dijon mustard, Ground pork, Dry bread crumbs, Fresh ground black pepper, Sweet-Tart, Dried Thyme -- Crumbled, Apple Cider Or Apple Juice, 
1. Preheat the oven to 375 F. Lightly butter a roasting pan. 2. Combine the  beef, pork, bread crumbs, onion, and garlic in a large mixing bowl. In a  separate bowl, lightly beat the eggs. Beat in the milk, ketchup, and  seasonings and add to the meat. Mix with your hands just until well  combined. (A wooden spoon wont do the job as well as your hands.) 3. Shape  the meat into an oval loaf in the buttered roasting pan and bake until  evenly browned, 50 minutes. 4. Combine the applesauce, apple cider, brown  sugar, and heat over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved, about 2  minutes. 5. Pour the applesauce mixture over the meat loaf, covering it  well, and continue baking until the top is golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes  longer. Remove the meat loaf from the oven and let it rest for 5 minutes  before serving. Makes 6 to 8 entree servings.    GINGERED APPLESAUCE 1. Place the lemon juice in a large saucepan. Peel,  core, and cut each apple into eighths. As you add the apples to the pot,  toss them to coat with the lemon juice to prevent discoloration. 2. Add 1/3  cup water, the sugar, and grated ginger and bring to a boil. Reduce the  heat to medium-low, cover, and cook until the apples are tender, 4 to 5  minutes. Remove from the heat and mash coarsely with a fork. Taste and add  more sugar if necessary. The applesauce should be be a bit chunky.    VARIATIONS: APPLE-HORSERADISH SAUCE: Substitute 1/2 cup of freshly grated  peeled horseradish for the ginger. If desired, add 2 cups mayonnaise. Great  with roast beef.    APPLESAUCE WITH FRESH FRUIT: Substitute 1/2 cup fresh or thawed frozen  raspberries, peaches , or blueberries for the ginger, and stir in 2 Tbs  brandy or sake. This is great with game or fowl.    PASSION-APPLESAUCE: Omit the ginger. Just after you remove the pan from the  heat, stir the pulp (seeds and all) of 2 passion fruits into the  applesauce. This goes well with almost anything, especially grilled  sausages, smoked pork chops, and venison.    DESSERT APPLESAUCE: Puree the Gingered Applesauce then thin it with fresh  apple cider to the desired consistency. Use it as a topping for ice cream,  angel-food cake, or pound cake.    Recipe By     : Nicole Routhiers Fruit Cookbook - ISBN 1-56305-565-1