Apricot-Nut Fruitcake Pt 1/2
Apricot preserves, best, Applesauce, Kirsch, or other, Lemon or orange extract; or, Firmly packed golden raisins, Lightly slated butter (3, FIRM APRICOT GLAZE, Unpeeled grated apple,, Baking Powder, Each of ground cinnamon and, APRICOT GLAZE, Hazelnuts or filberts (5, Brazil nuts (6 ounces; 170, Unsifted all-purpose flour, Cut-up dried apricots, Unsalted butter, melted, Dark rum or Calvados, plus, Unflavored gelatin, Firmly packed light brown, Seedless raisins (6 ounces;, Eggs, GARNISH, Baking soda, Vanilla extract, Cream, or more as needed to, Unsifted whole-wheat pastry, BASIC ICING GLAZE, Firmly packed dried apricot, Salt, Apricot preserves, best, Broken walnuts (8 ounces;, Halved walnuts, almonds or, 
1. A day or two before baking the cake, combine all the dried fruits and  nuts in a large bowl and toss well with the rum or Calvados and cider.  Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a cool place for at least 24  hours. Toss the mixture occasionally.    2. On the baking day, prepare pans. Use one tube pan 10 x 4 inches or one 9  1/4-inch tube pan (9 cup capacity) plus 2 baby loaf pans, each 6 x 3 1/2 x  2 inches, or the equivalent in capacity (cake consists of about 12 cups  batter.) Lightly grease pan(s), cut paper liners to cover both bottom and  sides, press paper in place, then grease paper. Position rack in center of  oven for 1 large cake, or divide oven in thirds for several cakes. Preheat  oven to 325 F (165 C).    3. Sift both flours, the baking powder, baking soda, salt, and spices  together onto wax paper. Set aside.    To make the cake batter, use a spoon and a mixing bowl or the electric  mixer to cream together the butter and sugar until well blended. Add eggs,  one at a time, beating after each addition. Stir in vanilla. Add the flour  mixture in 3 or 4 additions, beating very slowly to blend after each  addition. The batter will be quite stiff. Stir in the grated apple and  applesauce. Stir the macerated fruit-nut-rum mixture, then add it to the  batter along with all the liquid. Stir the batter with a sturdy wooden  spoon until well blended; really the best way to blend is with your bare  hands.    4. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan(s), filling them about 2/3    continued in part 2