Turlu (Mixed Vegetable and Meat Casserole)
Eggplant; about 1 pound, ;lamb, prefer from the, Onion, Salt, ;and cut in half, Black pepper; freshly ground, ;thick slices, Water, ;into halves and seeded, Okra, fresh; washed and, ;cut into 2 inch cubes, Tomato; cut into 1/4 inch, Zucchini; or other summer, ;long, green, cut lengthwise, Green peppers; Italian type,, Veal, lean, boneless; or, ;peeled and cut crosswise, ;trimmed of stem ends, ;into 2 inch pieces, Potatoes, boiling; peeled &, ;shoulder, cut into 1 inch, String beans, fresh; trimmed, ;squash (about 1 pound),, Butter; cut into 1/4 inch, ;pieces and clarified, ;cubes, 
With a sharp knife, cut the stem form the eggplant and peel it  lengthwise, leaving 4 evenly spaced 1 inch wide strips of peel intact.  Cutting between the strips, divide the eggplant lengthwise into quarters.  then cut into 2 inch cubes and set aside.    In a heavy 5 to 6 quart casserole, heat the butter over moderate heat  until a drop of water flicked into it sputters instantly.  Add the meat and  brown it lightly, turning the pieces frequently with a spoon and regulating  the heat so they color quickly and evenly without burning. Stir in the  onions and ? teaspoon of the salt, reduce the heat to low, cover tightly  and simmer for 30 minutes, or until the meat is tender and shows no  resistance when pierced with the point of a small, sharp knife.    Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (F).  Scatter the string beans evenly  over the meat, then in separate layers, spread the eggplant, squash, okra,  potatoes, tomatoes and green peppers on top.  Sprinkle the vegetables with  the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and a few grindings of pepper, and pour  the water over them.  Bring to a boil over moderate heat, then cover  tightly and bake in the middle of the oven for about 1 hour, or until most  of the liquid is absorbed by the vegetables. Serve at once, directly form  the casserole.  Source: Time Life Series: Middle Eastern Cooking  "crica  69"    MMed by: earl.cravens@salata.com  Posted to recipelu-digest by GramWag <GramWag@aol.com> on Mar 18, 1998