Turkey Galantine
Mace, Dried basil, Ham Slice, 1/4" Thick, Ground cloves, Cloves Garlic, finely, QUATRE EPICES, Ground Bay Leaf, Ground cinnamon, Quatre Epices, (Recipe, Ground Ham, Ground Rosemary, Eggs, Boiled Tongue, 1/4" Thick, Chicken broth, Ground nutmeg, Cognac, Black Pepper, White pepper, Cayenne, Ground Veal, Dried thyme, Thyme, Pistachios, chopped, Turkey, (6- To 8-Pound), Salt, 
Have butcher bone turkey, removing and reserving wings and drumsticks.  Remove breast meat. In bowl marinate breast meat 1 hour in 1/2 cup Cognac,  1 teaspoon salt and dash of Quatre Epices. Meanwhile in bowl mix ground ham  and veal, garlic, 1/2 cup Cognac, eggs, 1/4 teaspoon Quatre Epices, 1 1/4  teaspoons salt, pepper and thyme. Spread out boned turkey, skin-side down,  and cover evenly with meat mixture. Place breast meat in center. Cut tongue  and ham in 1/4- inch strips and arrange around breast meat, pressing into  ground meat. Sprinkle with chopped pistachios. Roll up turkey  sausage-fashion, bring ends of skin together so ends overlap and sew with  needle and thread. Roll in damp kitchen towel and tie ends, leaving lengths  of thread. Also tie thread around middle. Into covered pan just big enough  to hold galantine, pour chicken broth to half full. Lower galantine into  broth and tie thread at either end to handles of pan. Cover tightly with  couple of layers of foil. Bring to simmer. Then steam 2 to 2 1/2 hours,  depending on size of bird. Remove foil. Let turkey partially cool in broth,  then transfer to dish, weight galantine down and continue to cool.  Refrigerate 36 hours. Remove cloth and thread. Arrange on platter or  carving board. Carve in thin slices. Makes 12 to 14 servings. QUATRE  EPICES: In small bowl, mix bay leaf, thyme, mace, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg,  cayenne, pepper, rosemary and basil. Store in tightly sealed container.  Makes about 1/4 cup. Recipe from James Beard Copyright Los Angeles Times    Recipe by: Los Angeles Times - Prodigy    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #487 by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on  Feb 27, 1997.