Turkey in Baked Pumpkin
Dried apricots, Turkey thigh meat, Pumpkins, Parsnips, Coarse salt, Dry white wine, Black pepper, Chicken stock, Corn kernels, Pears, Long grain white rice,, Chives, Tomato, Vegetable oil, Potatoes, Onion, Poblano chiles, Unsalted butter, 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut a slice off the top of the pumpkins  or squash to make a lid, then scrape out the seeds and stringy fibers from  the pumpkin and lid. Season the inside with salt and pepper and place a  tablespoon of butter inside each pumpkin. Place the pumpkins and lids on a  baking sheet and bake for 45 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large  skillet over moderate heat and saute the turkey cubes until they are golden  on all sides. Use a slotted spoon or tongs to transfer the turkey to a  plate and cover loosely. In the remaining fat, saute the onion and Poblanos  with the salt and pepper until onions are soft, 35 minutes. Add the tomato  and cook 23 minutes. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the turkey, along  with the stock. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer,  covered, for 20 minutes. Add the potatoes and parsnips and simmer for 20  minutes. Add the corn and stir well to combine. Remove from the heat and  add the pears, apricots and chives. Adjust the seasoning. Add the rice.  Transfer the contents of the saucepan to the pumpkin, filling the pumpkin  and replacing the lid. Return to the oven and bake for 50 minutes, or until  the rice is cooked. To serve, transfer the pumpkin to a serving platter and  carefully spoon the stew directly from the pumpkin into individual shallow  bowls. Watch that the pumpkin shell does not break when scooping. The  pumpkin will be very soft inside and mash into the sauce to thicken it a  little. Yield: 4 to 6 servings 81996, M.S. Milliken & S. Feniger, all  rights reserved Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved  11/22/96 show  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #321    Recipe by: Too Hot Tamales Show #Th6358    From: Pat Asher <asher@mcs.com>    Date: Fri, 29 Nov 1996 08:01:39 -0600