Turnip Bisque with Crispy Shallots -Ww
olive oil, potatoes, Low-sodium chicken broth;, shallots, Purple turnips, Ground nutmeg, white pepper, 
In 3-quart saucepan over high heat, combine turnips, potatoes and 2 cups of  the chicken broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook 15  minutes, until vegetables are tender; cool slightly.    While vegetables are cooking, place large nonstick skillet over medium heat  30 seconds; add oil and heat 30 seconds more. Stir in shallots; reduce heat  to low. Cover and cook shallots, stirring occasionally, 13-15 minutes,  until golden brown. Remove from heat.    In food processor, puree turnip mixture until smooth. Return to saucepan.  Stir in the remaining cup broth, the white pepper and nutmeg; heat through.    Divide soup evenly among 4 bowls; sprinkle evenly with cooked shallots.    SERVING (1 CUP WITH 2 TABLESPOONS SHALLOTS) PROVIDES: 1/2 Fat, 2 1/2  Vege-tables, 1/2 Bread, 15 Optional Calories; 4 grams Fat, 3 grams Fiber.    PER SERVING: 154 Calories, 4 g Total Fat, 1 g Saturated Fat, 0 mg  Cholesterol, 171 mg Sodium, 28 g Total Carbohydrate, 3 g Dietary Fiber, 6 g  Protein, 66 mg Calcium    >Recipe from Weight Watchers Cut The Fat Cookbook    (C) Weight Watchers Light and Tasty Deluxe 1997 The Learning Company, Inc.  Recipes Weight Watchers International, Inc., owner of the registered  trademark.    Book Notes: Turnips make a thick, creamy, satisfying soup. You can  substitute rutabaga for the turnips if you prefer. Pats Notes: Not your  ordinary potato soup. Finely chop about a fourth of the onions and sweat  them very soup. Add those to the soup and then puree. Garnish the soup with  the sliced onion and a dusting of nutmeg. It served two, with bread, Mollie  Katzens pickled carrots and shredded cabbage. >from Pat Hanneman (kitpath)  98feb to Eat-lf mailing list : recipe archives.    Recipe by: Weight Watchers Cut The Fat Cookbook    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 20,  1998