Turkey Orloff From Julia Child and Company Pt 1
Onions, cottage cheese, dried tarragon, fragrant, ?, turkey breast, Salt, Sticks butter, Flour, Egg, turkey stock, Plain white rice, raw, fresh parsley, Vegetable oil, Fresh mushrooms, Pepper, 
Described as "Turkey breast scallopini gratineed with mushrooms, onions,  rice, and cheese.    Rice and onion soubise: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Drop the rice into a  saucepan with 2 quarts rapidly boiling salted water and boil uncovered for  exactly 5 minutes; drain immediately and reserve. Meanwhile peel and then  chop the onions in a food processor; (it needs no washing until after its  last operation). To do onions, prechop roughly by hand into 1-inch chunks  and process them 1 1/2 cups at a time, using metal blade and switching  machine on and off 3 or 4 times at 1-second intervals to chop onions into  3/8 inch morsels. Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a flameproof 6-8 cup  baking dish, stir in the chopped onions, the drained rice, and 1/4 teaspoon  salt, mixing well to coat with the butter; cover the dish and bake in  middle level of oven for about 1 hour, stirring up once or twice, until  rice is completely tender and beginning to turn a golden yellow. When the  rice is done and still warm, beat in the egg; taste carefully and correct  seasoning. May be done a day or two in advance.    Mushroom duxelles: While rice and onion soubise is cooking, trim and wash  the mushrooms. For the food processor, first chop roughly by hand into  1-inch chunks, then process into 1/8 inch pieces, using the 1-second on-off  technique. Mince the parsley in the machine afterward. By handfuls, either  twist mushrooms hard in the corner of a towel or squeeze through a potato  ricer to extract as much of their juice as possible. Saute the mushrooms in  2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium size frying pan over moderately  high heat, stirring and tossing until mushroom pieces begin to separate  from each other--5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the tarragon and parsley; season  to taste with salt and pepper. Stir half of the mixture into the cooked  rice and onion soubise; reserve the rest. Mushroom duxelles may be cooked  in advance and may be frozen.    Preparing the turkey scallopini: Pound the slices between 2 sheets of wax  paper, with a rubber hammer, a rolling pin, or the side of a bottle, to  expand them about double and to then them down by half. These are your  turkey scallopinip cover and refrigerate them until you are ready to saute  them.    Sauteing the turkey scallopini: Salt and pepper the turkey slices lightly,  dredge in flour and shake off excess, saute fro about a minute on each side  in 1 tablespoon of the oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter (more if  needed)--just to stiffen them and barely cook through. Set slices aside on  a plate as you finish them.    The gratineing sauce: Make a turkey veloute sauce as follows. Melt 4  tablespoons of the butter over moderate heat in a heavy-bottomed 2 quart  saucepan, blend in the flour, and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon until  flour and butter foam and froth together for 2 minutes without turning more  than a golden yellow. Remove from heat and, when this roux has stopped  bubbling, pour in 2 cups of the hot turkey or chicken stock and blend  vigorously with a wire whip. Return to heat, stirring slowly with wire whip  to reach all over bottom, corner, and side of pan, and boil slowly for 2  minutes. Taste and correct seasoning. Sauce should be thick enough to coat  a wooden spoon nicely, meaning it will coat the turkey. Beat in more stock  by droplets if sauce is too thick. In the food processor or an electric  blender, puree the egg yolks with the cottage cheese (or push through a  fine sieve and beat in a bowl with a wire whip); by dribbles, beat the hot  sauce into the egg yolk and cheese mixture.    Assembling the dish: Choose a baking and serving dish about 10 by 14 by 2  inches; butter the inside and spread a think layer of sauce in bottom of  ish. Make a neat, slightly overlapping pattern of the turkey slices down  the center of the dish, spreading    continued in part 2