Tuscan Cream Cake
Sugar, amaretto cookies, Salt, Baking Powder, Vanilla extract, TOPPING, Heavy whipping cream, Marsala, Sherry, Flour, Heavy whipping cream, Sugar, Sugar, Plus, Boiling water, Egg yolks, Chocolate shavings, Salt, SPONGE CAKE, Eggs, ZABAGLIONE, 
Zabaglione: Combine egg yolks, sugar and salt in a large stainless steel  bowl. Whisk in the Marsala and Sherry. Fill a large bowl 1/4 full of ice  water set aside. Place first bowl over a pot of boiling water and whisk the  egg mixture vigorously for about 5 minutes, until it is thick and tripled  in volume. Immediately put over bowl of ice water and whisk until cold.  Fold in whipped cream. Refrigerate until ready for use.    Sponge cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of two 12- x  18-inch jelly roll pans with parchment paper. Sift together flour, baking  powder, and salt. Set aside. Put the yolks and sugar in the bowl of an  electric mixer. Using the whisk attachment, whip on high speed until thick  and pale yellow. Reduce to medium speed and slowly add the water and the  vanilla. Scrape sides and bottom of the bowl. Return to high speed and  continue whipping for about 5 minutes, until mixture is thick and ribbony.  Fold the dry ingredients into the sugar egg mixture. Put the egg whites in  a separate bowl of the mixer. With a clean dry whisk attachment, whip the  egg whites on high speed until soft peaks form. Fold half the egg whites  into the batter and then fold in remaining whites. Divide batter between  the two pans and spread out evenly. Bake for 15 minutes, until golden brown  and springs back when lightly touched.    Assembly: Cut the sponge cakes into three 9-inch round circles and then cut  each in half horizontally, to make six 9-inch circles. You will need 5 for  this recipe. (Freeze others for later use.) Put a cake circle in bottom of  a 9-inch springform pan. Top the cake layer with 1 1/4 cups of zabaglione.  Continue layering cake and zabaglione in this manner, ending with a layer  of cake. Refrigerate the cake for 1 to 2 hours to allow to set. Unmold the  cake by running a hot dry knife around the edge of the pan and then  releasing the latch on the springform. Put the heavy cream and the sugar in  the bowl of an electric mixer. With the whisk attachment, whip on high  speed until soft peaks form. Frost the sides and top of the cake. Decorate  the top with chocolate shavings and sides with crushed amaretto cookies.    NOTES : Recipe courtesy of Emily Luchetti    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL8847 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #545 by  Angele Freeman <jfreeman@netusa1.net> on Apr 3, 1997