Turkey Scaloppine Tarragon
Skinless Turkey Light Meat,, All-purpose flour, Salt, Olive Oil, Divided, Mushrooms, Red Bell Pepper, Cut In 1", Cloves Garlic, Crushed, Nonfat Veg Chicken Broth,, Chopped Fresh Tarragon, Or 1, Lemon juice, Black Pepper, 
In this recipe for Turkey Scaloppine Tarragon, tarragon combines with  turkey breast, mushrooms and red pepper to create a fast and  ultra-flavorful summer supper. The flavor is reminiscent of bearnaise  sauce, minus the high-fat butter and egg yolks. Just 24 percent of the  calories in this dish come from fat.    The recipe starts with thin slices of skinless turkey called scaloppine.  Scaloppine are often sold already sliced in packages in supermarkets, but  if you dont see them, ask the meat cutter to prepare them for you. Ask for  slices about a quarter-inch thick, cut against the grain. If the slices are  too thick, pound them gently with a meat pounder or coffee mug. To minimize  cleanup, pound the meat between two pieces of plastic wrap, then discard  the plastic.    If you are growing herbs, be sure to plant French tarragon and avoid  Mexican tarragon. Mexican tarragon grows faster and spreads quickly, but  lacks the pungent flavor of true French tarragon.    Note: The turkey should be sliced about 1/4-inch thick. If it is too thick,  gently flatten each slice using a meat pounder or a heavy coffee mug.    Combine the flour and salt on a flat dish. Dredge each slice of turkey in  flour and shake off the excess; set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive  oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, red  pepper and garlic and cook, stirring often, until the vegetables are soft.  Remove from skillet and set aside. Add the remaining 1/2 tablespoon of  olive oil to the skillet. Add the turkey slices and saute over medium high  heat until both sides are golden brown. Return the mushroom mixture to the  skillet and stir in the chicken broth, tarragon, lemon juice and  blackpepper. Bring the mixture to a boil and quickly reduce heat to low to  maintain a gentle simmer. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes, watching to prevent the  liquid from boiling away. The sauce will thicken slightly. There should be  about 5 tablespoons of liquid left in the pan.    Serve each scaloppine with some of the vegetables and sauce. On the side,  serve cooked rice, noodles or pasta, such as bowties or orechiette.    Makes 4 servings    (Nutritional information per serving: Calories, 253; fat, 6.8 grams (24  percent of calories from fat); protein, 30 grams; carbohydrate, 19 grams;  cholesterol, 71 milligrams; sodium, 438 milligrams.)    ? 1997 Fort Worth Star-Telegram    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n169 by Reggie Dwork <reggie@reggie.com> on  Jul 05, 1997