Bademiyas Justly Famous Chile-Coriander Chicken
Cumin seeds, Vegetable oil, Whole chicken legs or; (*see, Coriander seeds, Piece fresh ginger; thinly, Cloves garlic; peeled, Cayenne pepper or hot, Salt, Fresh Cilantro, Whole black peppercorns, Thinly sliced red onion; for, Wedges of limes or lemons;, Water; or as needed, Fresh Lemon Juice, 
or*1 whole chicken (3 1/2 to 4 pounds), cut into 8 pieces    Remove and discard the skin from the chicken legs, then rinse under cold  running water. Drain and blot dry with paper towels. Place the legs in a  baking dish large enough to hold them in one layer and set aside while you  prepare the seasoning paste.    Heat a dry skillet over medium heat and add the coriander seeds,  peppercorns, and cumin seeds. Toast the spices until fragrant, 2 to 3  minutes, shaking the skillet occasionally. Let cool, then transfer to a  spice mill and grind to a fine powder. Combine the ground spices in a  blender or mini chopper with the garlic, ginger, oil, 1/4 cup water, lemon  juice, cayenne, and salt. Process to a smooth paste, adding more water if  necessary to obtain a pourable consistency. Add the cilantro and process  just to mix.    Using your fingers, spread the seasoning paste over the chicken legs to  coat on both sides, then cover and let marinate, in the refrigerator, for 4  to 6 hours.    Preheat the grill to high.    When ready to cook, oil the grill grate. Remove the chicken legs from the  baking dish and arrange on the hot grate. Grill, turning with tongs, until  the juices run clear when the tip of the skewer or sharp knife is inserted  in the thickest part of a thigh, 6 to 10 minutes per side (12 to 20 minutes  in all).    Transfer the chicken legs to serving plates or a platter and serve  immediately garnished with sliced red onion and lime or lemon wedges.    Busted by JoAnn Pellegrino 8/98 NOTES  : Method: Direct Grilling.The Taj Mahal Hotel is the most famous hotel in  Bombay. But for me the real attraction of the neighborhood is a food stall  called Bademiya, located on tiny Tulloch Road behind the venerable Taj.  Founded by Muhammad Yaseen in the 1940s and now run by his 30 year-old  jean-and Nike-clad son Jamal, this sidewalk eatery attracts Bombay barbecue  buffs of all castes and classes for its fiery grilled chicken, meltingly  succulent seekh (minced lamb) kebabs, and grilled lambs udder. (The latter  tastes like chewy liver and is for adventurous eaters only.) The original  version of this dish is hot, hot, hot. For the full effect, use 1 entire  tablespoon of cayenne. For a milder but highly flavorful rendition, use 1  to 2 teaspoons cayenne, or substitute hot paprika which isnt quite as  fiery. To round out your meal at Bademiya, two fulltime bakers work nonstop  tossing paper thin disks of dough onto charcoal fired metal domes to make  freshly cooked ruoomali ("handkerchief bread"). Since these are difficult  to make, I suggest serving this chicken with either of two thoroughly  non-Indian but definately satisfactory alternatives, flour tortillas or  lavash. Afghan Coriander Sauce and Tamarind Dipping Sauce make great  accompaniments.    Recipe by: Barbecue! The Bible/S Raichlen    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by J Pellegrino <gigimfg@ix.netcom.com> on Aug  31, 1998, 