Tuscan Sausage and Bean Soup with Boboli Side
Boboli (r) Italian bread, Dried rosemary or basil;, Sliced zucchini or crookneck, Beef broth, canned; low salt, Dried great northern beans;, Onions, Frozen chopped spinach, Grated Parmesan cheese, ITALIAN BREAD, Cold water, Ground turkey Italian, Dry red wine; or water, Dried Italian seasoning;, Canned tomatoes whole, Virgin olive oil, Garlic powder; to taste, Clove minced garlic, 
> The night before:  Rinse beans. Soak beans in 4-5 cups water in a covered  pot.     Combine undrained tomatoes, beef broth, squash, sausage, onion, wine (or  water), garlic and herbs in the crockery container; cover and chill  overnight. > In the morning: Place spinach in a bowl, covered, and let thaw  in the refrigerator. Drain beans and rinse thoroughly. Sort and discard  debris. Add beans to tomato mixture. Cook the beans, covered, on high-heat  setting for 6 to 8 hours or low-heat setting for 11 to 12 hours, or till  beans are tender. > To serve, squeeze excess liquid from spinach. Stir  spinach into soup. Heat while making boboli. Ladle soup into bowl. Sprinkle  with Parmesan.    ITALIAN BREAD ON THE SIDE -- 400F / 200C (Generously) brush the top of a  large Boboli with a mixture of olive oil, garlic power and dried rosemary  and/or basil. Bake about 10 minutes until golden brown. Cut into wedges and  serve warm.    PATS note:  Make conventional way (without slow cooker) on weekend. Double  recipe. Slice the sausage as thinly as possible and brown in a little olive  oil from sprayer. Add extra fennel seed and pinch of sage when using Turkey  sausage. Add 1/4 cup orzo (ooptional). The soup takes about 3-1/3 hours.  Use Pillsbury bread-sticks when Boboli unavailable.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #178    Date: Wed, 31 Jul 1996 19:32:22 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>  NOTES : Clear broth with tomato, beans and yellow summer squash. BGH omits       potato.   Baked Boboli and a Caesar salad complete the menu. One       cup of soup and one wedge of bread:  430 cal (25%)       Cook it in a crock pot for 6 to 8 hours and this chunky soup is       ready when you get home for dinner. Or make same day in under 4       hours.