Lasagna
Mushrooms, sliced, Green pepper (or yellow and, Chopped zucchini, Chopped egg plant, FURTHER INGREDIENTS, Fresh lasagne noodles -OR-, No-cook dry lasagne pasta, Balsamic or wine vinegar, Sugar, Assorted herbs; basil,, Salt and pepper, OPTIONAL, Mozzarella cheese, Romano cheese, Egg, Frozen spinach, Oregano (dried), BECHAMEL SAUCE, Butter, Flour (up to 3), Chicken broth (I use this, SAUCE, Garlic, Onion, Lean ground beef, (28-oz) of tomatoes (I use, 
(the addition of these optional ingredients makes your lasagne VERY rich  and filling)    Brown the beef while chopping with wooded spoon in pan to ensure it is a  fine texture. Drain fat and transfer to a large pot. Sautee the garlic and  onion in 2 tbsp of olive oil until soft. Add the vegetables (except  tomatoes) and continue to sautee for about 5 minutes. Drain the liquid and  add the vegies to the beef. Add the tomatoes and vinegar and herbs to the  pot and simmer on a med-low heat for about 1/2 hour. This sauce should be  VERY wet (like soup!). If necessary, add some tomato juice or red wine if  you like.    Further Ingredients: Mix together in a small bowl, romano cheese, egg,  oregano and spinach until well blended.    Bechamel Sauce: Melt butter in a small sauce pan. Stir in enough flour that  the mixture starts to form a ball. Gradually stir in broth until you get a  sauce that is thickened but pourable.  Assembling the Lasagna: Take a LARGE casserole dish (11 x 14) and put 1  ladleful of tomato sauce on the bottom of the dish to cover it. Place a  layer of noodles on the bottom, cutting or cracking them if necessary to  fit. Another layer of tomato sauce. Be generous. Another layer of noodles.  Spread entire cheese and spinach mixture evenly over the noodles. Another  layer of noodles. A generous layer of sauce. Pour bechamel sauce over the  sauce. Top with a layer of thick slices of mozzerella. Cover with foil and  refrigerate until 1 hour before. Bake covered at 350 degrees. It doesnt  hurt to place on a cookie sheet so if it overflows your oven wont be too  messy. After 45 minutes, remove the foil and bake for another 15-25  minutes. Put a knife in the middle and feel the knife to ensure the lasagne  is hot in the middle. It should be bubbling. Remove and let stand for 5  minutes at least. This will serve up in perfectly uniform pieces, even with  all that sauce! The noodles absorb the liquid, thats why you need a runny  sauce. Sprinkle individual pieces with parmesan cheese (lots).    Modification: Substitute chicken for beef and leave out the spinach. YUM!    Posted to rec.food.recipes by jberetta@lib.uwo.ca (Janet Beretta)  on Aug  13, 93.