Turkey-Chili Soup
Black Pepper, Ground cinnamon, Yellow bell pepper, Chipolte purée, Green bell pepper, Garlic, FOR SOUP, Red onion, Carrots, Lemon juice, Potatoes, Bay Leaves, Tomatoes, Corn kernels, fresh oregano, olive oil, Garlic, Wine vinegar, celery, Kidney beans, Spanish paprika, Red bell pepper, Whole black peppercorns, Red wine, Cilantro, Chili powder, Carrots, fresh thyme, celery, Fresh turkey, Ground cumin, Mustard greens, FOR TURKEY STOCK, Onion, Salt, Tabasco sauce, 
Garnishes: fresh guacamole, low-fat sour cream mixed with yogurt, chopped  green onion, chopped cilantro, grated cheddar cheese, thinly sliced red  onion, chopped hard-cooked eggs    *Note: Dried, roasted chipotle chilies are sold in Hispanic markets and  some specialty stores. To use, soak chilies in water, then puree.    To prepare stock: place all ingredients in stockpot; fill with cold water  until turkey is just covered. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer,  uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours or until turkey is cooked. Remove turkey. When  cool enough to handle, remove meat from bones. Return bones to stockpot.  Refrigerate meat. Discard skin. Cover stock; simmer for 2 1/2 to 3 hours.  Strain; discard solids. Reserve 6 cups stock and 2 cups finely diced turkey  for soup.    To prepare soup; Heat oil in a soup pot. Add onion and garlic; saute until  onions are translucent. Add celery, carrot and potatoes. Cover and cook  slowly over medium heat for 30 minutes, until the vetgetables are soft but  not browned, stirring occasionally.    Add chili powder, chipotle puree, cumin, paprika and cinnamon. Cook over  low heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.    Add tomatoes, resereved 6 cups stock, beans, bell peppers, wine and  cilantro; simmer for 35 to 40 minutes. Add reserved 2 cups turkey, mustard  greens, corn and vinegar. Simmer for 15 minutes. Season to taste with salt,  pepper, Tabasco and lemon juice. Serve with 1 or 2 garnishes.    Yield 6 to 8 servings    Per serving: 524 Calories; 10g Fat (16% calories from fat); 27g Protein;  88g Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 201mg Sodium    NOTES : Al Yeganeh of New York was the inspiration for "The Soup-Nazi"  episode. There he dishes out servings of soup for $6 and up at the  International Soup Kitchen, on West 55th Street. Yeganeh once shared his  recipe for turkey chili on David Lettermans show. This is a written  version, as tweaked and tested by Food Editor Gillian Duffy of New York  Magazine. If desired substitute two whole chickens for the turkey.  Recipe by: Al Yeganeh    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Lisa Minor <lisa@cybermill.com> on May 15,  1998