Apricot Earl Grey Ice Cream
Dried apricots (about 6, milk, Earl grey tea leaves, Plus, Apricot brandy or orange, Heavy cream, Egg yolks, Salt, Sugar, 
From: arielle@taronga.com (Stephanie da Silva)    Date: Mon, 16 Aug 1993 07:27:35 GMT  In a small heavy saucepan, combine the apricots, 2 tablespoons of the sugar  and 2/3 cup water.  Bring to a boil over moderate heat.  Reduce the heat to  moderately low and simmer, uncovered, until the apricots are tender, 10 to       12    minutes.    Transfer the apricots and any remaining liquid to a food processor and  puree until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl once or twice. Set  aside.    In a heavy medium saucepan, combine the milk and tea leaves.  Warm over low  heat until the milk is hot.  Remove from the heat and let steep for 5  minutes. Strain the milk through a fine-meshed strainer.    Return the milk to the saucepan and add the heavy cream, remaining 1/3 cup  sugar and salt.  Cook over moderate heat, stirring frequently with a wooden  spoon, until the sugar is completely dissolved and the mixture is hot, 5 to  6 minutes. Remove from the heat.    In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks until blended.  Gradually whisk in  one-third of the hot cream in a thin stream, then whisk the mixture back  into the remaining cream in the saucepan.    Cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until the custard  lightly coats the back of the spoon, 5 to 7 minutes; do not let boil.    Immediately remove from the heat and strain the custard into a medium bowl.  Set the bowl in a larger bowl of ice and water.  Let the custard cool to  room temperature, stirring occasionally. Whisk in the reserved apricot  puree and the brandy until blended. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at  least 6 hours or overnight.    Pour the custard into an ice cream maker and freeze according to the  manufacturers instructions.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /DESSERTS    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.