Turkey Legs Osso Buco
(28 ounce) Italian-style, Chopped parsnips, Chopped fresh parsley, Chopped orange peel, Onions, Garlic, olive oil, Fresh thyme sprigs or 1, Turkey legs (about 2, Chopped carrots, Bay leaf, 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over  medium-high heat. Season turkey with salt and pepper.  Cook until brown on  all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to platter. Add carrots, parsnips,  onion, 1 teaspoon garlic, thyme and bay leaf to Dutch oven. Stir in  tomatoes with their juices, breaking up tomatoes with back of spoon. Bring  to boil.    Cover Dutch oven and bake stew in oven until turkey is very tender, about 1  hour 10 minutes.  Transfer turkey to work surface:  cool slightly.  Remove  turkey from bones. Discard bones.  Cube meat and return to Dutch oven.  Discard bay leaf and thyme sprigs. Season with salt and pepper.  (Can be  made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to simmer before serving.)    Mix together parsley, orange peel and 1 teaspoon garlic.  Ladle osso buco  into bowls. Sprinkle with parsley mixture.    Per Serving:  Calories, 236; fat, 10g; Cholesterol, 64mg; sodium.  296 mg.    NOTE:  If you dont use a lot of mashed potatoes, pasta, or polenta I would  suggest doubling this recipe b/c I dont think that it is anywhere near  sufficient to serve 6 adults.    MY ADDITIONS & CHANGES:  I added either a rutabaga or a turnip. I also  added 4 or 5 large, fresh shiitake mushrooms which went very well. I think  that you can safely add any sort of mushroom . I chopped it into about 1/4  inch pieces which were somewhat too small. Next time I would chop them into  1/2 or 3/4 inch pieces as they stew long enough to cook through with no  problem.  I eigthed the onion and sauteed it in 2 tablespoons olive and  lightly browned it. I then sauteed the rest of the vegetables with the  onions.  I would also increase the amount of garlic by at least 1 teaspoon.  Make sure that you correct the seasonings before serving as it seems to go  somewhat flat.  The grated orange peel was very nice and the parsley seemed  to zip the taste up. I really thought it was very good .... and easy on the  wallet.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V96 #50    Date:    30 Oct 1995    From: Ruth Heiges <heiges@post.tau.ac.il>