Balinese Chicken Satay
Piece peeled ginger (1/2");, Cloves garlic; sliced, Grated coconut, GARNISH, Shallots; minced, Coriander powder, Peeled sliced cucumber, Fish sauce, Dried shrimp paste, Lime leaves; chopped fine, Escarole or frisee leaves, Unsalted roasted peanuts;, Cumin seeds, Vegetable oil, Tamarind pulp, Chicken meat; minced, Red onion; sliced into rings, Dried red chiles; soaked in, Granulated white or palm, Garlic, Cumin powder, Peeled jicama; julienned, SATAY PEANUT SAUCE, Shallots; sliced, Stalks lemon grass; chopped, Coriander seeds, Sugar, Pieces pickled garlic, Stemmed red chile peppers;, Minced lemon grass, Coconut milk, Fresh turmeric; chopped, Ground nutmeg, Salt and black pepper; to, 
Place the shallots, garlic, chile peppers, lemon grass, turmeric,  coriander, cumin, nutmeg, black pepper, salt, shrimp paste, and sugar in  the bowl of food processor, and puree until a rough paste forms. In a large  bowl, mix the paste with minced chicken, grated coconut, and lime leaves.  Heat a grill or grill pan to hot. Place approximately 1-1/2 ounces chicken  mixture on the end of a chopstick, and grill until cooked through, 2 to 3  minutes per side. Taste for seasoning, and adjust the chicken mixture with  salt and pepper as necessary. Place remaining chicken mixture on ends of  chopsticks, and grill. To serve, place skewers on a platter. Garnish with  cucumber, onion, jicama, pickled garlic, and escarole. Serve with the satay  peanut sauce on the side.    Satay Peanut Sauce: Finely chop the chiles, garlic, shallots, lemon grass,  ginger, coriander seeds, and cumin seeds. Place in a mini food processor or  blender, and process until fine. Heat the oil, and fry spice paste for  several minutes. Add the tamarind pulp, sugar, and fish sauce; simmer 2  minutes more. Add 2/3 cup water and the coconut milk, and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat; add crushed peanuts. Mix thoroughly, and remove from heat.  Serves 4.    Source: Chef James Chew Posted on: Martha Stewart Living  <www.marthastewart.com>.    Recipe by: Chef James Chew    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by lynnthomas@juno.com (L. Thomas) on Aug 30,  1998, 