Basic Vegetable Stock
Carrots, Tomato paste, Bouquet garni, Chopped vegetables, Sea salt or soy sauce (opt), Onion, skin on, Leeks, trimmed and washed, Stalks celery, Tomatoes, Mixed chopped herbs **, Water, Black pepper, Garlic clove(s), skin on, 
* Vegetables for stock include corn cobs and husks, summer and winter  squash, red and yellow peppers, green beans, zucchini, mushrooms, potatoes,  collard greens, and kale stalks, tomato seeds and skins. Use green peppers,  eggplants, turnips, and cabbage in limited amounts, as their flavor tends  to be overpowering. Avoid beets, which will turn a stock red, and  asparagus, which will turn it green.    ** Include basil, oregano, chives, and/or parsley stems.    1. Combine the onion, leeks, carrots, celery, tomatoes, garlic, chopped  vegetables, tomato paste, bouquet garni, chopped herbs, and water in a  stockpot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the stock,  uncovered, adding water as necessary to keep the vegetables covered, for  1-1=AB hours, or until well flavored. A certain amount of evaporation will  take place - this helps to concentrate the stock. Skim the stock as  necessary and season with pepper and salt or soy sauce to taste at the end.    2. Strain the stock, pressing with the back of a spoon to extract as much  liquid as possible from the vegetables. Cool to room temperature, then  refrigerate or freeze. Refrigerated stock will keep 3-4 days; frozen, it  will keep for 6 months. For a thicker, richer stock, pur=82e the liquid and  vegetables, then strain.    Note: For a richer, more full-flavored vegetable stock, roast the  vegetables in a lightly oiled roasting pan in a 400=F8F oven for 45  minutes, or until nicely browned. Transfer the vegetables to a stockpot.  Deglaze the roasting pan with =AB cup dry white wine and add the deglazing  mixture to the stockpot as well. Precede as usual.    High-Flavor, Low-Fat Vegetarian Cooking by Steven Raichlen pg 247-248    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by q591b4@ilos.net on Nov 12, 1998