Truffle Trio Pt 1
White chocolate; coarsely, Poire Willliams liqueur, BITTERSWEET CHOCOLATE, MOIST CHOCOLATE CAKE, Heavy cream, GARNISH, Cocoa powder, Plus 3 tablespoons, Bittersweet chocolate;, WHITE CHOCOLATE TRUFFLE, Bittersweet chocolate;, Heavy cream, Heavy cream, MILK CHOCOLATE TRUFFLE, Milk chocolate; finely, Pure maple syrup, Unsalted butter; cut into, Eggs; separated, at room, Whipped cream, All-purpose flour, 
YIELD: 10 servings DIFFICULTY: *** PREPARATION: 2 hours plus chilling  times. SPECIAL EQUIPMENT: One 8 1/2-inch springform pan.    Make the moist chocolate cake:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.  Butter the bottom and sides of a 17 1/2 -by 11 1/2-inch jelly-roll pan.  Line the bottom of the pan with baking parchment or waxed paper. Dust the  sides of the pan with flour and tap out the excess.    2.Melt the chocolate with the butter according to the directions in the  Chocolate Melting Tips; set aside.    3.In a 4 1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty elec trio mixer, using the wire  whip attachment, beat the yolks with 3 tablespoons of the sugar on high  speed until pale, 3 to 4 minutes. At low speed, beat in the melted  chocolate mixture; increase the speed to medium and continue to beat for 2  minutes, until the mixture is silky and shiny. Remove the bowl from the  mixer stand and sprinkle the flour over the chocolate batter (do not mix it  in).    4.In a grease-free 4 1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer, using  the wire whip attachment, beat the egg whites at low speed until frothy.  Gradually increase the speed to medium-high and continue beating the whites  until they start to form soft peaks. One teaspoon at a time, gradually add  the remaining 1/4 cup of sugar and continue to beat the whites until they  are stiff and glossy. Using a balloon whisk or rubber spatula, fold the  beaten whites (along with the flour) into the chocolate mixture one-third  at a time. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and spread it into an  even layer with an offset metal cake spatula.    5.Bake the cake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the cake begins to pull away  from the sides of the pan and a toothpick inserted in the center of the  cake comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a wire rack to cool for 15  minutes. Run a small knife around the sides of the pan and invert the cake  onto a wire rack. Peel the paper off the cake and allow it to cool  completely.    Make the white chocolate truffle layer:    1.Place the white chocolate in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan over  medium heat, bring the cream to a gentle boil. Pour the hot cream over the  chocolate and let the mixture stand for 30 seconds to melt the chocolate.  Gently stir until smooth; stir in the Poire Williams liqueur.    Begin to assemble the cake:    1.Using the bottom of an 8 1/2-inch springform pan as a guide, cut out two  8 1/2-inch rounds from the moist chocolate cake layer. Place one of the  rounds in the bottom of the spring-form pan. Scrape the white chocolate  truffle mixture onto the cake round and spread it into an even layer.  Freeze the cake for 1 hour, until set.    Make the milk chocolate truffle layer:    1.Place the milk chocolate in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan over  median heat, bring the cream to a gentle boil. Pour the hot cream over    continued in part 2