Arni Psito Me Patates (Roast Lamb with Potatoes)
Dried Rosemary, Potatoes; Peeled and Cut, Heads Garlic; (About 18, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Fresh Lemon Juice, Salt, Leg of Lamb; 8-pound; Bone, Dried Oregano, Red Wine; (Non-Alcohol, 
Just in case you havent noticed, a traditionally Greek Easter is an event  whereby the guests primary goals are to eat and eat and drink themselves to  exhaustion. After all, its a celebration of great magnitude and like most  big holidays, draws guests and family members together for a day or two,  from far and wide.    Now if youre one of those cooks that doesnt happen to have an open-fire  spit in your back garden, have no fear. Weve updated todays recipe to be  prepared in the oven. However, feel freely to dig the pit and prepare the  spit if you so desire. Cooking time is about a day-and-a-half!    To prepare the marinade, finely chop 8 cloves of garlic and place in a pan  that is large enough to hold the lamb. Add 2 Tbs. oregano, 2 Tbs. rosemary,  6 Tbs. olive oil, 1 cup lemon juice, wine or apple juice, and salt and  pepper to taste. Mix thoroughly and place the lamb in the marinade, turning  to coat well on both sides. Cover and set aside in the refrigerator  overnight.    Crush 6 cloves of garlic and the remaining oregano and rosemary together  with a mortar and pestle or chop them finely and combine thoroughly. Season  with salt and pepper.    Pre-heat oven to 375-F degrees. Remove lamb from marinade and pierce in a  dozen places with a paring knife. Rub the garlic and herb mixture all over  the lamb, pressing the mixture firmly into the cuts with your fingers. Coat  surface of the lamb with about 4 Tbs. olive oil.    Mix remaining olive oil and lemon juice together in a bowl. Crush remaining  garlic and place in a large roasting pan and add potatoes. Place lamb on  top of the potatoes and roast, basting frequently with the lemon mixture  and turning the potatoes occasionally, for 1 hour and 45-minutes. Remove  lamb from the oven and let rest for about 10-minutes, keeping potatoes warm  in the oven that you turned off when you removed the lamb. Carve leg of  lamb and serve with potatoes.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by The Cook & Kitchen Staff  <dailyrecipe-owner@recipe-a-day.com> on Apr 06, 1998