Tuna Club Sandwich From Union Square Cafe
black pepper, Sourdough, white, Yellow peppers, Red onions, Black peppercorns, whole, Lemon juice, Fennel seeds, Kosher salt, Egg yolks, Red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, Carrot, LEMONPEPPER AIOLI, Dijon mustard, Basil, Fresh lemon juice, Black Pepper, Bay leaf, Mint, Garlic, OTHER INGREDIENTS, TUNA SALAD, Onion, Celery rib, Yellowfin tuna, Red peppers, olive oil, Arugula, Slab bacon, 
1. To make the aioli, combine the egg yolks, lemon juice, vinegar, mustard,  salt and garlic in a food processor.  Start the motor and slowly add the  olive oil in a constant stream until all the oil is absorbed and the  mixture has the consistency of mayonnaise.  Add the pepper and mix for an  additional 10 seconds.  Transfer the aioli to a bowl; cover, and reserve in  the refrigerator.    2.  Combine 4 cups water, onion, carrot, celery, bay leaf, and peppercorns  in a 2 quart saucepan over high heat.  Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer  and cook for 15 minutes, covered.  Add the tuna pieces and simmer until  they are cooked through, approximately 10 minutes.    3.  Remove the tuna from the cooking liquid (the liquid can be strained and  saved refrigerated or frozen to be used again).  While the tuna is still  warm, flake it into small pieces with a fork or with your fingers. It is  best to flake the tuna while warm because as it cools and firms up, it  takes much more effort to break apart, resulting in a less appealing  texture.  Set aside, loosely covered to cool.    4.  Mix together the flaked tuna, red and yellow peppers, red onion, herbs,  fennel seeds, salt and 1/2 cup of aioli.  Combine well and taste for  seasoning, adding salt, pepper, or lemon juice if you like.  The tuna salad  can be made ahead to this point and stored, covered and refrigerated until  the next day.    5.  Spread a slice of bread first with some of the aioli, then with a  spoonful of the tuna salad.  Top with a few leaves of arugula, and one  slice of the bacon.  Repeat with a second slice of bread.  Stack one layer  on the other and finish by topping with a third slice of bread.  Repeat to  make three more club sandwiches.  Slice each sandwich into halves or thirds  and skewer each with a toothpick.    Serve with hot garlic potato chips.  Use any left over lemon-pepper aioli  as a dressing for sliced steak sandwiches, grilled fish or steamed  vegetables.    Recipe obtained from the book "The Union Square Cafe Cookbook" by Danny  Meyer and Michael Romano.  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #129 by tgreaves@notes.primeco.com on Sep  19, 1997