Turkey Breast Roulades with Mushroom-Spinach Stuffing
Dried tarragon; (I used, Chopped fresh spinach; (6, salt and pepper, Chicken broth, ; (4 to 5 pounds), Fresh Lemon Juice, salt and pepper, Mustard, Turkey, STUFFING, Oil; or chicken fat, Vegetable oil, Dry white wine, Leeks; white parts only, ; chopped, Garlic, Matzo meal; (approximately), Whole turkey breast; boned,, Mushrooms; chopped, 
OVEN: 350 Roasting pan with rack    Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Cook leeks and mushrooms  til leeks are tender and mushrooms brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in garlic,  tarragon and spinach. Cook just til spinach wilts, about 2 minutes. Remove  spinach mixture to a large bowl and let cool slightly. Sprinkle with lemon  juice and stir in matzo meal. Taste and add salt and pepper.    Lay the turkey breast, skin side down, in front of you. Starting at the  center and holding a knife parallel to the meat with the blade facing left,  make a lengthwise cut into the meat. Open the flap. Repeat on the right  side. Spread the meat out flat and cover with waxed paper. Pound til about  3/4-inch thick.    Spread with about 2 tablespoons of the mustard and then with the stuffing  leaving a 1/2-inch border all the way around. Starting at left or right,  roll the breast into a cylinder. Tie at 1-inch intervals with kitchen  string and secure open edges with toothpicks.    Place the turkey on the rack, seam side down, in a roasting pan. Brush with  oil. Combine 1 cup of the broth with wine and pour some over the turkey.  Roast about 1 hour, basting with stock mixture every 15 minutes til done.  Internal temperature should be 150 degrees F and juices should run clear.    Remove from oven and let turkey rest at least 20 minutes before slicing.    Skim fat from roasting pan. Pour pan juices into a small saucepan with  remaining stock and remaining mustard. Cook til slightly thickened. Remove  toothpicks and string from turkey and cut into 1-inch slices.] Pass sauce  separately.  Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest 297    Date: Fri, 2 Aug 1996 22:02:41 -0400    From: Linda Shapiro  Naples FL <lss@coconet.com>