Artichauts Chez Demery (Provence)
Lemon juice, Chopped fresh parsley;, Baby artichokes 1-1.5oz each, Olive oil; or to taste, Water, Baby red potatoes, Garlic clove; halved, Salt, Ground white pepper, 
1. In 5-quart nonaluminum saucepot, heat water and potatoes to boiling over  high heat. Reduce heat to medium and cook potatoes 10 minutes.    2. Meanwhile, trim artichokes: Snap off and discard tough outer green  leaves, stopping at the point where the leaves are half green and half  yellow. Cut each stem even with base; cut 1/2 inch off each top.    3. With slotted spoon, remove potatoes to colander; set aside to cool  slightly. Add artichokes and lemon juice to same water in which potatoes  were cooked. Heat to boiling over high heat; cook 10 minutes. Drain  artichokes well and set aside to cool slightly. 4. Meanwhile, cut cooled  potatoes lengthwise into quarters; cut quarters in half crosswise. When  artichokes are cool enough to handle, cut them lengthwise into quarters.  Cut out any interior leaves that are purple or pink.    5. Heat oven to 450 degrees F. In large bowl, mix artichokes, potatoes,  oil, garlic, parsley, salt, and pepper. Spread mixture in single layer on  rimmed baking sheet and roast on bottom rack of oven 10 minutes. With  spatula, turn mixture and roast vegetables until lightly browned -- 5 to 10  minutes longer. Transfer mixture to serving platter and serve immediately.    Nutrition information per serving -- protein: 4 grams; fat: 9 grams;  carbohydrate: 31 grams; fiber: 9 grams; sodium: 245 milligrams;  cholesterol: 0; calories: 213.    Copyright (c) 1996 The Hearst Corporation; all rights reserved    URL http://homearts.com/dynamo/main.jhtml?/05spror1.htm available  1998-Mar-25    Notes: Flavored with garlic and olive oil, baby artichokes and tiny  potatoes evoke the simple straightforward flavors of Provence. When I  re-created the dish back home, I found that I preferred using the smallest  artichokes I could find because they are particularly tender and more of  the leaf may be eaten.    Hanneman/Buster/McRecipe 1998-Mar    Recipe by: Homearts online : Provencial Chefs    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 27,  1998