Artichoke and Fennel Tart
Roasted red bell pepper in, Mustard seeds, Firm tofu drained, Light miso, Short-grained brown rice, Roasted and diced red bell, Toasted sesame oil, Chopped fresh dill (1 tsp., Chopped fennel bulbs (2, (15 oz) diced artichoke, Crust, TOPPING, Vegetable stock or water, Wild rice, Vegetable broth or water, Water, Minced fennel fronds, Capers, Umeboshi plum vinegar or, Arrowroot powder; or, GARNISH, Millet, Chopped fresh thyme ( 1 tsp., 
SOURCE: Vegetarian Country is a cooking and entertainment TV show,  currently on public access television.    Crust: Toast millet in heavy saucepan over moderate heat until darkened.  Add brown rice, wild rice, stock or water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to  low and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is soft, about 50 minutes.  Oil or line with parchment a 10 by 15 by 1 inch baking tray or, use a round  tray. Spread rice mixture evenly over the tray and pack down with a spatula  or spoon.    Topping: Warm mustard seeds and 1 teaspoon of the toasted sesame oil in a  large nonstick pan over moderate heat. Cover and cook until seeds sputter  and turn gray. Add fennel and stir-fry for 2-3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup of the  stock or water and cook until it evaporates.    Add bell peppers, artichokes, thyme, dill, and remaining 1/4 cup of stock  or water. Cook until liquid evaporates. Sprinkle with capers.    Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a food processor, combine tofu, arrowroot  powder or cornstarch, water, miso, lemon juice, or vinegar, remaining 2  teaspoons of toasted sesame oil; process until smooth. Salt and pepper to  taste.    Pour tofu mixture into artichoke mixture and combine gently. Spread evenly  over the rice. Bake 45 to 50 minutes, or until topping is firm and browned.  Cool 10 minutes before slicing. VEGAN    Per Serving: 296 CAL.; 15G PROT.; 9G FAT (27 % CFF) ; 37G CARB.; 0  CHOL.;140 MG SOD.; 6G FIBER. Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n209 by "Tina D.  Bell" <tdbell@altair.csustan.edu> on Aug 18, 1997