Turkey and Pinto Bean Chili
Dried thyme, Tomato paste, Skinless, boneless turkey, Sodium broth, Tomato; peeled; seeded, Green bell pepper; cut, Madras curry powder, Dried pinto beans (5 oz), Cornbread for serving, Leg meat-3 two-lb whole legs, Garlic, <OR>, Ancho chiles, Bay Leaves, Yellow or red bell pepper, NORMA WRENN, Tomatoes; drained; coarsely, + 2 T olive oil, Fresh thyme; coarsely chop, Canned Italian peeled, Sugar, Fresh cilantro; finely chop, Cinnamon, Salt/freshly ground pepper, Red onion; finely chop, Guajillo chile, Chicken stock or canned low, Onion, Ground cumin, Ground nutmeg, 
Place the pinto beans in a medium saucepan and add 6 cups of water. Bring  to a boil over moderately high heat and boil for 3 minutes. Remove from the  heat and let stand for 1 hour.    In a medium bowl, soak the ancho and guajillo chiles in 3 cups of hot water  until softened, about 20 minutes. Pour off the soaking liquid, reserving  1-1/2 cups. Stem and seed the chilies and transfer them to a food processor  or blender with the reserved soaking liquid. Puree until smooth. Pass the  puree through a fine strainer into a small bowl.    Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large enameled cast-iron casserole.  Season the turkey with salt and pepper. Add some of the meat to the  casserole in a single layer and cook over moderately high heat until well  browned all over, about 4 minutes.  Transfer the cooked turkey to a large  plate and brown the remaining meat in batches.    Heat 1 more tablespoon of the olive oil in the casserole. Add the onion and  garlic and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until  translucent, about 3 minutes.  Add the cumin, curry, thyme, cinnamon and  nutmeg and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chicken  stock and bring to a boil over moderately high heat. Boil until reduced by  1/4, about 6 minutes.    Return the turkey to the casserole and add the pureed chiles, chopped  tomato, tomato paste, sugar and bay leave. Bring to a boil over moderately  high heat. Lower the theat and simmer until the turkey is tender, about 1  hour.  Discard the bay leaves.    Meanwhile, drain the pinto beans and return them to the pan. Add 6 more  cups of water and bring to a boil over moderately high heat. Lower the  heat, cover partially and simmer until tender, about 1 hour. Drain the  beans and add them to the chili.    Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet until almost  smoking.  Add the green and yellow bell peppers and cook over moderately  high heat, stirring, until browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to paper  towels to drain, then stir them into the chili.    Stir in half the cilantro into the chili and season with salt. Spoon the  chili into bowls.  Garnish with the red onion and the remaiing cilantro and  serve with corn bread.    Source:  Food & Wine 3/94  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Deborah Kuhnen" <debkuhnen@email.msn.com>  on Feb 20, 1998