Asian Summer Rolls
Fresh mung bean sprouts, Mint leaves, shrimp, Sugar, peanuts, rice vermicelli, SPICY PEANUT SAUCE, Tomato paste, Creamy peanut butter, carrot, Vegetable oil, Water, Rounds ?, Hot chili paste, Hoisin sauce, Boston lettuce, Fresh coriander leaves, Garlic, 
Soak the rice vermicelli in warm water to cover for 15 to 20 minutes and  drain. In a large pot of boiling water cook the noodles for 2 minutes or  until al dente, stirring to separate the strands. Drain, rinse with cold  water and shake dry in a colander.    Fill a small shallow dish with warm water. Immerse one sheet of rice paper  in the water and let stand until pliable, about 45 seconds. Transfer rice  paper to paper towels to drain. Transfer drained rice paper to a work  surface. Lay one piece of lettuce over the bottom third of the rice paper.  Arrange 1 tablespoon of the rice noodles, 1 tablespoon of the shredded  carrot, some bean sprouts and 2 mint leaves, end to end, on the lettuce  leaf. Roll up the paper halfway into a cylinder and fold both sides of the  paper over the filling. Lay 2 shrimp halves, cut side down and end to end,  along the crease. Place several coriander leaves along side the shrimp.  Continue to roll the rice paper into a cylinder, pressing the edge against  the cylinder to seal. Place the roll, seam side down, on a plate and cover  with a damp towel. Make more summer rolls in same manner with remaining  ingredients. The prepared rolls will keep, covered with a damp towel or  plastic wrap, for up to 3 hours.    In a small saucepan heat oil over moderately high heat and cook the garlic  and chili paste for 1    minutes. Add the tomato paste, peanut butter, hoisin sauce, sugar and  water, whisking until smooth. Simmer for 2 minutes or until heated through.  If necessary add additional water to thin sauce to desired consistency.  Pour sauce into dipping bowl and sprinkle with chopped peanuts. Serve  summer rolls with dipping sauce.    Yield: 8 summer rolls, 4 servings    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL8901 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #651 by  "Angele and Jon Freeman" <jfreeman@netusa1.net> on Jun 30, 1997