Lasagna
Box; (8-oz) Lasagna Noodles, Olive Oil; (up to 2), Hamburger or Chopped Steak, Cloves Garlic; Peeled and, (28-oz.) Whole Tomatoes or, Spaghetti Sauce Spice Mix, Container; (8-oz.) Ricotta, Parmesan Cheese; Freshly, Onion; Finely Diced, (small) Tomato Sauce, Ball of Mozzarella Cheese, 
Ahh, lasagna. The mother of all pasta noodles. Lasagna and red sauce are  probably the most versatile concoction you can prepare in your kitchen. The  Cook and Kitchen Staff strongly recommend that you experiment with your  fillings and sauces to personalize your dish, then prepare it often in  double batches because you can freeze one and eat the other for dinner  tonight. Lasagna takes time, attention and patience to prepare, so you may  as well make two!    Prepare lasagna noodles as directed on package, making sure to add 1 or 2  tablespoons olive oil so noodles do not stick together. Drain lasagna  noodles thoroughly and rinse with cold water. Keep noodles in cool water  until you are ready to use them.    Cut Mozzarella cheese into thin strips and refrigerate while preparing the  sauce. Saute hamburger garlic and onion in a skillet pan with 1 tablespoon  olive oil over medium-high heat. Drain to remove fat. Meanwhile, place  tomatoes in large pot and crush them with a wooden spoon. Add tomato sauce  and spices. Heat sauce slowly over low heat and stir occasionally. Add  hamburger and simmer for about 20 minutes.    In a 9: x 13? baking dish, spoon in just enough sauce to cover dish the  bottom. Place a single layer of lasagna noodles over sauce, making sure to  overlap about 1/2-inch on each lengthwise row as you move across the width  of the baking dish.    Sprinkle a layer of ricotta cheese over the lasagna noodles, then a layer  of Mozzarella cheese slices on top of the ricotta cheese. Spoon sauce over  the top of the cheeses and repeat lasagna noodle layering process at least  two times. Finnish the top of the lasagna with a later of Parmesan cheese  and bake for 30 to 45-minutes in a pre-heated oven at 375-F degrees  covered. Remove cover and continue to bake for another 15-minutes. Remove  lasagna from oven and let set for 5-minutes before slicing to serve with  toasted garlic bread and a salad.    Kitchen Staff Tips: For a rich and filling lasagna, add 1 cup fresh sliced  mushrooms, 1 cup diced green, red or yellow pepper, 1 cup chopped zucchini  and 1/2 cup chopped egg plant as a substitute for the meat layer or sauteed  separately and added as a center layer to your lasagna and continue to  prepare as directed.    For Pepperoni and Spinach Lasagna thaw, rinse and thoroughly dry 1 package  of frozen spinach and layer with ricotta and Mozzarella cheeses. Add 1 or 2  layers of browned pepperoni with the sauce layer (with or without the  hamburger) and continue to prepare as directed.    For Chicken Lasagna replace hamburger or chopped steak with 2 cups cooked,  diced chicken. Combine with onion and garlic and saute. Add a layer of  sauteed mushrooms with the chicken (about 1/3 lb. fresh mushrooms, sliced)  and cover with a Bechamel Sauce containing 2 tablespoons butter, 1 to 3  tablespoons flour and 1/2 to 3/4 cup chicken broth or cream. Simply Melt  butter in a small sauce pan and stir in enough flour for the mixture to  form a small ball. Gradually stir in broth until a thick, but pourable  sauce is produced. Continue to prepare as directed.    For Mexican Lasagna add spoonfuls of mashed pinto beans with cheddar cheese  layers and prepare your meat sauce with hamburger, taco seasoning packet,  10-oz. tomato puree, 6-oz. tomato paste and 12-oz. mild salsa. Season with  cumin and chili powder, add dried hot chilies to taste. Layer with soft  tortillas rather than lasagna noodles, if desired (but it is a bit soggy.)  Also add 1 cup of corn with your sauce, if desired.    For Vegetarian Lasagna, skip the meat and use only the cheese layers with 1  package of frozen spinach that has been thoroughly thawed, drained and  dried, and add sauce layers including sauteed 1 cup fresh sliced mushrooms,  1/2 cup bell peppers, 1 cup small broccoli florets, 1 cup cubed zucchini or  summer squash and 2 shredded carrots. Liven-up the sauce a bit with 1 or 2  tablespoons each of fresh basil, oregano, Italian parsley and salt and  pepper to taste.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by The Cook & Kitchen Staff  <dailyrecipe-owner@recipe-a-day.com> on Apr 19, 1998