Beef Stew in a Pumpkin
Beef cut in 1" cubes, Zucchini; slices about 1/4", Brandy, Coarsely chopped green onion, Green Pepper, Beef stock, Salt, Oregano, Dried apricots; up to 14, Butter, Pepper, Corn, Pitted prunes; up to 14, Brown sugar, Cinnamon, Ground cloves, Minced garlic cloves, olive oil, Madeira or dry sherry, Tomatoes; chopped, Bay leaf, White potatoes; peeled and, Sweet potatoes; peeled and, Plump; very fresh 10 - 12 lb, 
by Katherine Dyson, 10/8/98 The Weston Forum    This was in the town newspaper; the presentation looked interesting so I am  passing it along. Seems like lots of ingredients and lots of work but it is  a one-dish supper or a pretty addition to a fall party table. I have not  tried it yet.    Scrub pumpkin well.    Heat 3 TBSP oil in 5 quart casserole over medium heat. Add beef in batches  to brown on all sides. Warm brandy, ignite and pour over beef. Transfer  meat to platter and set aside. In same casserole pot combine oil, onion,  green pepper and garlic, cooking over medium heat about 5 minutes, stirring  frequently. Add stock and madeira and bring to boil. Scrape sides and  return meat and juices to pot.    Stir in tomatoes, salt, oregano, pepper, bay lea,f and cloves. Cover,  reduce heat to low and cook 15 minutes. Add potatoes and cook 15 minutes  more. Stir in zucchini and cook 10 minutes more. Add corn, apricots and  prunes and cook another 5 minutes. Keep stew warm on low heat while  preparing pumpkin.    Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cut pumpkin about 3 or 4 inches from top to  form a lid and do not remove stem! Scrape out seeds and string fibers from  lid and base. Brush melted pareve margarine (the paper says butter but...)  inside pumpkin and sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Replace lid and bake  pumpkin in roasting pan about 40 minutes.    Pour juices from pumpkin into stew and stir well. Place stew into pumpkin  and bake about 15 minutes longer. Serves about 8.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by judyrin@juno.com (Judy B Rin) on Oct 28,  1998, 