Asian Fondue
Garlic, Shallots, Beef brisket, Star anise, Flank steak, GARNISHES, Tripe and tendons, Whole fresh ginger, cilantro, Fresh ground black pepper, Green onions, nuoc mam fish sauce, Onions, Fresh jalapenos pepper, Cinnamon, Onions, uncooked rice, Beef sirloin, Limes, Parsnips, Beef bones with marrow, Water to cover, Salt, Fresh bean sprouts, Chinese basil, Oxtails, 
EMERIL LIVE SHOW #EMIA33    Place the beef bones and oxtails in a large stockpot, cover with water.  Bring the liquid up to a boil and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat  and drain. Rinse the pot and bones. Return the bones to the pot and cover  with 6 quarts of water. Bring the liquid up to a boil and skim often to  remove the foam. When the foam stops rising to the surface, add 3 quarts of  water and return to a boil. Char the onions, shallots, and ginger, directly  over a gas burner or under the broiler, about 5 to 6 minutes. Tie the  charred vegetables, star anise, garlic cloves, and cinnamon stick in a  damped cheesecloth. Add the spice bag and parsnips to the simmering broth.  Season the broth with salt and pepper. Simmer the liquid for 1 hour. Add  the tripe and tendons to the broth and simmer uncovered for 5 hours. Two  hours after adding the tripe, add the flank steak and brisket.    GARNISHES FOR ASIAN FONDUE: In a small bowl, combine the green onions,  cilantro and onions together. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper.  When the broth is ready, remove and discard the oxtails and bones. Reserve  the tripe, flank steak, and brisket. Strain the broth into a clean pot  through a strainer with a double layer of dampened cheesecloth. Add the  fish sauce to the broth. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Slice the  tripe, flank steak, and brisket, into small pieces. In a pot of boiling  water, drop in the drained noodles and remove immediately and drain. Mound  the noodles in the center of an oversized bowl. Bring the broth to a  rolling boil and ladle the broth over the noodles Arrange the remaining  ingredients on small plates around the bowl of broth.    Yield: 8 to 10 servings    Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Mar 13, 1998