Tunnel of Fudge Cheesecake
Sweetened whipped cream, Unsalted butter, Sugar, Pure vanilla extract, Oreo, All-purpose flour, Semisweet chocolate chips, Salt, Eggs, Semisweet chocolate, Cream cheese, 
To make the Cookies n Cream Crust, preheat the oven to 350F. Lightly  grease a 9-inch springform pie pan. In a medium bowl, stir together the  cookie crumbs and butter. Turn mixture into the prepared pan with the back  of a large spoon, pressing firmly and evenly over the bottom and up the  sides of the pan. Bake for 10 minutes; let cool to room temperature. Raise  the heat to 400F.    In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese and sugar together until smooth and  fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition. Beat in  the flour, salt, and cream. Place 2 cups of the cheese mixture in a medium  bowl. Stirring constantly, gradually add the melted chocolate, blending  until well combined. Stir in the chocolate chips; set aside. Stir the  vanilla into the remaining cheese mixture.    Pour all but 1 1/2 cups light cheese mixture into the prepared crust. Spoon  the chocolate-cheese filling in a 2-inch-wide ring onto the light cheese  mixture, 1 1/2 inches from the edge of the pan. Do not get any in the  center of the light mixture. Using the back of a spoon, press the chocolate  mixture down into the light mixture until the top is level. Spoon the  reserved light cheese mixture evenly over all and smooth the top.    Place the cheesecake in the center of the middle oven rack. Position a 13-  x 9-inch baking pan filled halfway with hot water on a lower shelf. Bake  for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 300F; bake an additional 50 minutes.  Turn the oven off. Let the cheescake cool in the oven for 1 hour with the  oven door open 1 to 3 inches. Remove cheesecake from the oven to a rack;  let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate overnight.    To serve, run a thin knife around the inside edge of the pan; remove the  side of the pan. Use a thin knife to loosen the crust from the bottom of  the pan. With two large metal spatulas, carefully slide the cheesecake off  the pan bottom and onto a serving plate. Spread the whipped cream over the  top. Chill for at least 1 hour before serving.    Helpful Hint: A kitchen Aid stand mixer comes with a flat beater, dough  hook and whisk.    Recipe provided by Kitchen Aid "Home Cooking" with Amy Coleman  Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Julie Benson <julie@CIN.NET> on Mar 3, 1998