Artichoke Lasagna
Garlic, Grated nutmeg, Seasoned dry bread crumbs, Chopped fresh basil, Lasagna noodles, Grated Parmesan cheese, Box (10 ounces) frozen, olive oil, Onion, Boxes (9 ounces each) frozen, Chopped roasted sweet red, Low-sodium vegetable stock, Unbleached flour, (12 ounces) evaporated skim, Margarine, 
by Prevention Magazine, http://www.healthyideas.com    A good dish for a large crowd. Just add a simple tossed salad and some  crusty garlic bread for a quick party meal. Dont use a metal pan for this  dish because the artichokes will become discolored from it.    You may assemble the lasagna ahead of time and bake it later. Cover it well  and refrigerate for up to one day or freeze for up to a month. We cut the  fat and calories in this recipe by:    * eliminating the 2 cups of butter * replacing 2 cups of olive oil with 2  teaspoons * reducing the Parmesan cheese from 3 cups to 1 1/2 tablespoons    Before After Calories 534 235 Fat (g.) 36.2 3.3 % Calories from Fat 60% 10%  Cholesterol (mg.) 79 3    In a large pot of boiling water, cook the noodles for 10 to 12 minutes, or  until just tender. Drain and rinse with cold water. Set aside. Meanwhile,  in a large nonstick frying pan over medium heat, warm the oil. Add the  onions and garlic; cook, stirring frequently, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until  tender. Stir in the stock and basil; bring to a boil. Add the artichokes,  spinach and peppers; cover and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the lid and cook  until all the liquid has evaporated. Set aside. In a 1-quart saucepan over  medium heat, melt the margarine. Whisk in the flour; cook for 1 minute.  Slowly whisk in the milk, Parmesan and nutmeg; cook, stirring constantly,  for 5 to 7 minutes, or until the sauce boils and thickens. Preheat the oven  to 350 degrees. Coat a 9-by-13-inch glass or ceramic baking dish with  nonstick spray. To assemble the lasagna, spread 1/3 cup of the sauce in the  bottom of the prepared baking dish. Top with 3 of the noodles; spread with  half of the artichoke mixture. Spoon 1/3 cup of the sauce over the  artichoke mixture and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the bread crumbs.  Repeat the procedure. Top with the remaining 3 noodles. Spread with the  remaining sauce and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon bread crumbs.  Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake for 10 to 15  minutes, or until bubbly. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving.    Makes 8 servings.    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n184 by "Tina D. Bell"  <tdbell@altair.csustan.edu> on Jul 20, 1997