Tsoureki (Greek Easter Bread)
Eggs, Salt, All-purpose Flour, Active Dry Yeast, Lemon Rind, Eggs, Warm milk, Makhlepi, Butter, Black Cumin Seeds, Orange Rind, Granulated sugar, 
This braided bread recipe has its origins in the Byzantine Era and was  traditionally prepared with an essence drawn from the seeds of  Mediterranean wild cherries, called makhlepi. Its worth a trip to your  local specialty market to purchase this uncommon ingredient, but you may  elect to prepare this beautiful bread without the seed essence.    You dont have to be a theologian to comprehend the correlation between the  Easter season and bread making as nearly any yeast-activated bread will  rise again when diligently prepared. Even if you elect not to prepare this  deliciously unique Greek Easter Bread, youll want some type of yeast-based  bread on the table of your Easter feast.    In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warmed milk. Stir in 1 cup flour and 1/2  cup sugar, cover bowl with plastic wrap and set aside for 1-hour. Steep  makhlepi (if utilizing) in 1/2 cup simmering water for about 5-minutes.  Strain mixture and discard seeds. Set remaining liquid aside to cool.    Stir 1/2 cup water or makhlepi-scented liquid into the yeast mixture. Add  butter and 5 eggs and thoroughly combine. Sift in 8 cups of flour, salt and  remaining sugar into bread mixture. Add salt, orange and lemon zest, and  mix thoroughly with a large wooden spoon. Turn out dough onto a floured  surface. Knead, adding more flour if necessary, until smooth, approximately  10-minutes. Form the dough into a ball and place in a lightly greased bowl.  Cover the dough with a clean dish towel and set aside to raise for about  2-hours.    Return dough to the floured surface. Divide the dough into 6-equal parts  and roll into ropes about 15-inches long. For each loaf, loosely braid 3  ropes, turn under ends and press 1 dyed egg (optional) near one end of each  braid. Set bread aside to rise again for at least 1-hour on a lightly  greased cookie sheet.    Pre-heat oven to 350-F degrees. Brush bread with remaining beaten egg and  sprinkle with black cumin seeds. Bake until golden, approximately 40 to  50-minutes. Store cooled bread in an airtight container or serve warm.    Kitchen Staff Tip: Take the time to carefully prepare the orange and lemon  zest. Make sure you remove nearly all of the white pith from the rind of  the fruits or your bread may turn out bitter. Peal the fruit and utilize a  small, sharp, non-serrated knife to remove any remaining pith from the  rind. Then mince, food process or grind the zest into tiny bits before  using in this recipe.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by The Cook & Kitchen Staff  <dailyrecipe-owner@recipe-a-day.com> on Apr 04, 1998