Tung-An Chicken Pt 2
See part 1, 
it promptly with the slotted spoon to the heated serving dish. Move  quickly, lest the chicken overcook in the liquid. Add the vinegar to the  simmering sauce, stir, then taste for a good balance of sharp & sweet. True  to Hunan taste, it should be on the sharp side. Lower the heat, stir the  cornstarch mixture to recombine, then add it to the pan, stirring until the  sauce thickens & becomes glossy, 5-10 seconds.    Pour the sauce evenly over the chicken & sprinkle the sesame oil on top.  Serve immediately, while pungent & aromatic.    Serves 2 as a main course, 3-5 as part of a multicourse meal.    Menu suggestions: Barbara Tropp loves this dish on its own for a simple  supper, with silver & gold thread rolls or a bowlful of everyday chinese  rice to soak up the sauce, and in season some cold-tossed asparagus w.  sesame seeds to munch on between mouthfuls. To drink, try a white Burgundy,  Meursault, Pouilly-Fuisse, or an oaky (as opposed to fruity) California  Chardonnay.    Iintroductory notes by Barbara Tropp: Tung-An is a county in Hunan, and  this dish has all the beauty of refined Hunan cuisine: it is pungent yet  subtle, complexly flavored without masking the primary good taste of  chicken. It is an easy dish to turn out, perfect for the beginning cook,  and a paradise for lovers of pungent, saucy stir-frys. The original version  calls for a whole young chicken & fresh red chile threads. I find whole  breasts & dreid red chile flakes far easier to use, and I make up for the  visual loss by adding plush strips of black mushrooms. The breasts must be  from small young chickens for the dish to be good.    The chicken may be cooked a day in advance. The rest of the dish can be  assembled & cooked within 30 minutes.    Technique notes: Par-boiling the chicken gives it a supple texture and a  strikingly clean taste. It also means that the dark sauce will slide off  the chicken, leaving it a lovely ivory-white. Adding the vinegar to the  sauce last keeps its zing intact. It is neither boiled off nor compromised  by the flavor of the other ingredients.    NOTES : MC formatted by Holly Butman    Recipe by: Barbara Tropp, The Modern Art of Chinese Cooking    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #773 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Sep 06, 1997