Basic Wheat Bread
(.25 oz) Active Dry Yeast, Honey, Salt, White Bread Flour, Whole wheat flour, Warm Water; (110-F Degrees), Honey, Butter or Margarine; Melted;, Butter or margarine, 
Makes 3 loaves    The Cook and Kitchen Staff are offering you some of our best recipes from  "Our Daily Bread" collection during the first part of this month. Todays  recipe is simply a great-tasting and easy-to-prepare whole wheat bread.    For the past 8,000 years or so, bread has been an important part of  mankinds history. Bread bakers were most often a team of people  responsible for feeding a family, a city, and a nation. The burden is  great, in the sense that bread has been and continues to be the  indispensable basis of human culture and civilization. Not to put the  pressure on you, but the importance of bread needs to be recognized by  everyone, so honor the tradition and bake some bread today!    In a large bowl, mix warm water, yeast, and 1/3 cup honey. Add 5 cups white  bread flour, and stir to combine. Let set for 30 minutes, or until big and  bubbly.    Mix in 3 tablespoons melted butter or margarine, 1/3 cup honey, and salt.  Stir in 2 cups whole wheat flour. Lightly flour a level surface with whole  wheat flour. Knead until dough is not sticky, at least 8 to 10 minutes.  Place whole wheat dough in a greased bowl, turning once to coat the entire  surface. Cover with a clean dishtowel. Let rise in a warm place until  doubled, usually at least an hour.    Punch down, and divide into 3 equal portions. Place one portion of dough in  a lightly greased 9 by 5-inch loaf pan, and repeat the process in two  additional loaf pans. Allow to rise until dough has topped the pans by one  inch, again about an hour.    Bake whole wheat bread in a pre-heated 350-F degree oven for 25 to 30  minutes, making sure not to over bake. Lightly brush the tops of loaves  with 2 tablespoons melted butter or margarine when done to prevent crust  from getting hard. Cool completely on a wire rack after removing the loaf  from the pan. Store in an air tight container. May freeze for up to 3  months.  Kitchen Staff Tips: Successful bread making requires patience, and you must  give the bread its due time in order to let the dough rise. After all the  ingredients have been combined and the dough is going to be set aside to  rise, you must place it in a well-oiled bowl, large enough to contain the  dough when it has risen to twice its original size. Its imperative to turn  the dough in the bowl, in order to oil the entire surface. This is a  critical step in your preparation, as it prevents the dough from drying  out. Remember, the yeast needs a warm, wet environment. Cover the bowl  lightly with a clean, damp kitchen towel. Choose a warm spot for the rise,  but not excessively warm. The inside of a gas oven with just the heat from  the pilot light is a great spot. If baking in an electric oven, heat it to  80-F degrees, turn the oven off, and place the dough inside to rise.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 2, 1998, 