Basic Baked Apple
Granulated sugar, Baking Apples; (Recommend, Apple juice, Cinnamon, Butter or margarine, Water, 
Need a great little dessert to satisfy your sweet tooth? The Cook and  Kitchen staff have a simple recipe for you from our "Back to School"  collection.    Todays recipe makes a lively finisher for your dinner tonight, and also a  great snack for your college student who has access to a dorm room  kitchenette, or even a microwave.    An "apple a day" not only keeps the doctor away (according to conventional  wisdom); it also makes a fantastic quick-fix for nearly any "What do I have  for dessert tonight?" dilemma, as this recipe may be presented as  elegantly, or as simply, as you desire.    Wash apples and core from stem end to within 1/2 inch from the bottom of  the apple. With a vegetable peeler, remove skin from top half of apple,  working your way around the apple, rather than up-and-down.    For standard oven preparation: Pre-heat oven to 350-F degrees. Place  apples, peeled end up, in an 8-inch-square oven-proof baking dish. Add  water and apple juice. Evenly distribute one-quarter of the cinnamon,  sugar, and butter into the core of each apple. Cover loosely with aluminum  foil and bake 45 to 50 minutes or until tender, making sure to baste the  apples occasionally with the sizzling apple and water mixtures. Remove from  oven and baste one final time. Serve warm or chilled. Refrigerate, covered,  to store.    For microwave oven preparation: Place prepared apples in a microwave-safe  cooking dish. Use only half the water and apple juice. Evenly distribute  one-quarter of the cinnamon, sugar, and butter into the core of each apple.  Cover apples with plastic wrap, making sure to leave a vent on one corner  of the wrapped dish. Microwave on high setting until apples are tender,  approximately 10 to 14 minutes. Serve and store as above.    Kitchen Staff Tips: Before baking or microwaving the apples, fill the  cavity where the core used to be with one or more of the following: crushed  or chunked pineapple, ripe banana slices, pureed sweet potatoes, shredded  carrots, whole blueberries or raspberries, sliced strawberries, peanut  butter, a mixture of honey, chopped walnuts, and raisins, or even chocolate  chips, and continue to prepare as directed. Finish your presentation with a  dollop of freshly whipped cream or a scoop of vanilla or cinnamon ice  cream.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Aug 20, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.