Beef Wellington with Madeira Sauce
PASTRY, Salt, sugar, Margarine, Ice water, Water, FILLING, salt and pepper, Liver pate, MADEIRA SAUCE, beef bouillon  , Madeira, Mushrooms, GLAZE, Egg, Heart of beef tenderloin;, Margarine or butter, Green onions, Mushrooms, Dry white wine, tarragon, Margarine, green onion, Tomato paste, Cornstarch, parsley, Pepper and salt, Flour, 
PASTRY: In a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, sugar and margarine. Cut  with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add water  gradually, tossing mixture with a fork until it clings and a ball can be  formed with your hands. Form a smooth disk, wrap and chill at least 30  minutes before rolling out on a lightly floured counter.    TENDERLOIN: Saute the onions in the margarine until soft. Add the mushrooms  and cook 2 minutes. Add the wine, salt, pepper and tarragon and cook until  pan is almost dry. Stir in the liver pate and set aside to cool. Saute the  beef quickly in a hot skillet filmed with oil, rolling with 2 wooden spoons  until seared on all sides. Season well with salt and pepper. Cool before  wrapping in pastry.    ASSEMBLY: Roll out the pastry into a rectangle 1/8 inch thick and large  enough to encase meat. Fold in quarters and move to a baking sheet. Unfold.  Put meat in the center and press the mushroom filling over the top. Trim  crust evenly and wrap to enclose meat with 1 inch overlap, brushing seams  with egg glaze. Press to seal. Brush roll with glaze. Cut decorations from  scraps, without re-rolling if possible, and decorate roll, hiding seams.  Brush cutouts with glaze. Push a meat thermometer into center of meat.  Chill at least 30 minutes, or as long as overnight, before baking.    BAKING: In the upper third of a preheated oven bake for 15 minutes at 425  degrees, then reduce temperature to 375 degrees and continue baking another  25-30 minutes, or until crust is golden and meat thermometer registers  temperature of desired doneness. Move to a serving platter and wait 5  minutes before slicing into 6-8 slices. Serve with Madeira sauce garnished  with minced parsley.    SAUCE: In a hot skillet, in two batches, cook the mushrooms in margarine  until brown. Return all the mushrooms to the pan. Add the onion and cook 1  minute. Add the tomato paste and beef bouillon and stir until smooth. Boil  down rapidly, 1-2 minutes, scraping pan frequently. Add the wine/starch  mixture and pepper and salt if needed. Bring to a boil and cook until thick  and translucent. Can be done ahead and reheated. Thin with water when  reheating if necessary. Sprinkle with parsley and serve in a sauce boat  which has been rinsed out with hot water and dried.    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Aug 28, 98,  