Tuna with Sweet and Spicy Sauce
FUSILLI, Carrots; peeled and thinly, 8-ounce tuna steaks; (1 inch, Sweet and spicy sauce, Mango-Pineapple salsa, Fresh Cilantro, Minced jalapenos, Sugar snap peas; end, 1-pound packages fusilli, Fresh Cilantro, Plus 2 tablespoons chopped, SWEET AND SPICY SAUCE, Honey, MANGOPINEAPPLE SALSA, Tomatillos; husked, rinsed,, Garlic chile sauce, Garlic, Dry white wine, Canned unsweetened coconut, Soy sauce, Chopped fresh mint, Fresh lime juice, Mangoes; peeled, chopped, Garlic, Chopped peeled pineapple, Orange juice, (about) sweet and spicy, Plus 2 tablespoons sesame, 
Okay, one more recipe from this months Bon Appetit... Its set up for a  party, but seems it can be fractioned pretty easily.    (If you prefer to bake the fish, put it in the oven at 400F until just  opaque in the center, about ten minutes. The mango salsa is the finishing  touch. Pour a chardonnay.)    Pat fish dry; arrange on 2 large baking sheets. Brush 2 cups sauce over  both sides of fish. Cover; chill 1 to 3 hours. Prepare barbecue  (medium-high heat). Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Grill fish until  brown outside and just opaque in the center, about 4 minutes per side.  Transfer to platters. Serve with salsa.    Sweet and Spicy sauce (makes 6 cups): (used on fish and pasta)    Combine all ingredients in heavy large pot. Bring to boil over medium-high  heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until sauce thickens and is  reduced to 6 cups, stirring occasionally, about 2 hours. Season with salt  and pepper. Transfer to bowl.    Mango-Pineapple Salsa (makes about 7 cups):    Combine first 6 ingredients in a large bowl. (Can be made one day ahead.  Cover; chill) Add pineapple to salsa. Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Let stand at least one hour to allow flavors to blend.    Fusilli with Sugar Snap Peas and Carrots (18 servings):    Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Add peas; cook just until  crisp-tender about 3 minutes. Using 4- to 5-inch diameter strainer,  transfer peas to sieve. Rinse with cold water to cool, then drain. Place  peas in a large bowl. Add carrots to same pot of boiling wter; cook just  until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Using strainer, transfer carrots to  sieve. Rinse with cold water to cool, then drain. Add carrots to peas.    Cook 1 1/2 pounds of pasta in same pot of boiling water until just tender  but still firm to bite, adding more boiling water if necessary. Using  strainer, transfer pasta to large sieve. Rinse with cold water to cool,  then drain. Repeat with remaining pasta. Add all the pasta to the bowl with  vegetables. (can be made 6 hours ahead. Mix with 3 tablespoons oil. Cover  and refrigerate)    Toss salad with enough sweet and spicy sauce to coat generously. Mix in  chopped cilantro; season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving  bowl.    Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST by Suzanne <suz@avana.net> on May 19, 1998