Artichoke and Parsley Frittata Ala the Savory Way
Virgin olive oil; (up to 5, Peppercorns; coarsely ground, Juice of 1 large lemon, Salt, Parsley; finely chopped, Garlic clove; sliced, Eggs; lightly beaten, can, Coarsely grated Romano, Artichokes, 
Break off the hard outer leaves of the artichokes; then cut off the top two  thirds of the greens. Trim the outsides, cut the artichokes into quarters,  and immediately put them in a bowl with cold water to cover and the lemon  juice. Remove the choke from each piece with a knife; then thinly slice  each quarter into 3 or 4 pieces and return them to the water. Just before  cooking, remove the pieces from the water and blot them dry with a towel.    Heat 2 or 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in an 8-inch frying pan with the  garlic. When the garlic colors, remove it and then add the drained  artichokes. Give pan a shake right away to coat the pieces with oil, then  season with salt and pepper and add about 2 tablespoons of the parsley.  Saute until the artichokes browned and thoroughly cooked.    Beat the eggs, season them lightly with salt, and add the rest of the  parsley, cheese, and the cooked artichokes. Wipe out the pan, add enough of  the remaining oil just to coat the bottom, and pour in the eggs. Give the  pan a shake to loosen the eggs, then lower the heat. Cook, covered, until  the bottom is golden. Slide the frittata onto a plate, then turn it back  into the pan, with the opposite side down, and continue to cook until it is  also nicely colored. Serve warm or at room temperature, sliced into wedges.    This Italian-style omelet can be cooked either at the last minute and  served warm. or, to make it easier on the cook, ahead of time and served at  room temperature The artichokes are first fried in olive oil with pepper  and parsley and then cooked with the eggs. Use a nonstick or seasoned  frying pan to keep eggs from sticking. Makes 1 frittata, serving 4 to 6    Recipe by: Deborah Madison, The Savory Way    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 492 by Badams  <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Jan 11, 1998