Truffles 980
See Below, 
First, a truffle (as I mean it) consists of two parts: the center (or  ganache), and the coating. Depending on the size and flavor of the  ganache, the coating can provide extra taste, or be "merely" decorous.    The ganache should be prepared first. It is, essentially, an equal  mixture of chocolate and cream, cooked and reduced a bit. (Note that  white chocolate is *different*. Id use closer to 60% white  chocolate, 40% cream, or maybe even 75-25, with a white chocolate  ganache. White chocolate is hard to do right, though, and may take  lots of experimentation.)    To make a simple ganache: Cut 10oz bittersweet chocolate (I use  Ghiradelli chocolate bars, available in most supermarkets) into small  pieces, about the size of small or medium chocolate chips. (You can  use 10oz of chocoalte chips, if you can find a flavor and brand that  you like. Since I like to use bittersweet chocolate, and most  chocolate chips are semisweet, I usually end up chopping my own.)    In a large enough saucepan, place the chocolate pieces and one and a  half to two cups of heavy whipping cream. Cook the cream and  chocolate at a low-to-medium heat, stirring as necessary (remember,  cream can burn), until it boils. Let it boil for a short while; if  you used more cream, you may want it to reduce a bit. (The more  cream-to-chocolate you have, the softer the ganache will be; the more  chocolate-to-cream you have, the harder and richer it will be. This  is one of the variations you can make. Use more cream for "melt in  your mouth" ganache, and more chocolate for stuff that will keep you  awake and wired for hours ;).) Pour the mixture through a strainer  into a large enough bowl; place the bowl in the refrigerator for a  few hours, or overnight.    When the mixture has hardened as much as it will (it will still be  very soft, of course, but it will be malleable), scoop it in small,  spoon-sized pieces, and roll them in your hands until round. Use lots  of paper-towels or napkins, when your hands have melted chocolate on  them, it is much harder to roll! Place the balls on a cookiesheet  covered with wax paper, and, when finished, place the cookiesheet in  the freezer (or, if not going to finish the truffles immediately, in  the refrigerator; they can stay that way overnight without harm).    To make a simple, tempered coating: Take two pounds of semi-sweet  chocolate (yes, two *pounds*); cut into *largish* chunks. You can use  chocolate chips for this, but the larger the chunks, the better (to a  point).    Place one and a half pounds of the chocolate into a large cooking  dish; also place in two to four Tbls. of lard (crisco, for example,  works quite well). This is to thin out the chocolate a bit, but you  dont want to have too much.    Slowly heat and stir the chocolate until fully melted. At that point,  remove from the heat, and put in some of the unmelted chocolate. The  point here is to temper the chocolate by cooling it down quickly.  (For small enough amounts of chocolate, you could also temper it by  sticking the pan in cold water, but when dealing with large amounts,  that approach is considerably harder.) The large chunks will melt; in  so doing, they will cool down the rest of the chocolate. (This is why  the chunks should be largish: small pieces will melt more easily, and  you want to use as much of the energy as possible.) Keep adding  chocolate and stirring until the melted chocolate is slightly below  body temperature, putting a bit on your upper lip and having it feel  only slightly warm is a good test. Another test is to briefly stick a  knife into the melted chocolate, and take it out; it should "dry"  quickly, looking somewhat dull.    N.B.: if you use white chocolate, use less lard, and, again, be more  careful. White chocolate burns easily.    At this point, youre now ready to dip the truffles; this is the  easiest part:    Take the cookiesheet of centers, and place it next to pan with the  melted coating. Coat each one by droping it into the coating mixture,  and moving it around with a fork. When fully coated, take it out with  the fork, and drop it onto a waxpaper- covered pan (or plate, or  whatever). You may need to reheat the coating up a bit from time to  time; this is okay, the nice thing about largely-unmixed chocolate is  that you can reheat it again without problem.    You can vary the recipe in many ways. Examples: Add some liqueur  (Grand Marnier, for example) to the ganache while youre preparing  it; you can also add other flavors; I am partial to orange extract or  banana flavoring    Coat the centers in two phases: in the first phase, spread some  coating in your palms, and roll the centers between your hands,  covering them with a very thin coating. Cool them off (either in a  refrigerator or a freezer), and then proceed with the coating as  described above. The truffles will be less warped by the dipping.    Make two coating mixtures, one of white chocolate, one of some dark  chocolate; in a third bowl, pour some of each and swirl them around  (but do not mix). When you dip the centers, you will then get a  swirled effect.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip