Tuna Steaks with Basil Sauce
Cherry tomatoes, halved, Blanced garlic puree*, Dried porcini mushrooms, Plain nonfat yogurt, Fennel seeds, 5-oz. tuna steaks, 1" thick, Salt and pepper, Black peppercorns, Vegetable oil spray, Packed fresh basil leaves, Red new potatoes, Fresh spinach, stems removed, 
*could use roasted garlic puree instead ~Spoon yogurt into a strainer lined  with a paper coffee filter or cheesecloth. Set the strainer over a small  bowl and refrigerate until most of the liquid has drained off the yogurt,  about 3 hours. ~In a mini-processor or blender, combine 1/3 c basil leaves,  blanched garlic puree and drained yogurt - season with salt and pepper.  Puree the sauce until smooth. Transfer to a bowl. (This sauce can be made  up to 8 hours ahead and refrigerated - bring to room temp before using) ~In  a steamer basket set over a pan of simmering water, cook the potatoes until  tender, about 17 mintues.  Let cool sloghtly; cut into quarters.  ~Meanwhile, in a spice grinder or mortar, gring the dired porcini, fennel  seeds and peppercorns to a fine powder.  Pat the tuna steaks dry and season  both sides with salt.  Sprinkle the porcini powder all over the tuna,  pressing it into the surface. ~Lightly coat a large nonstick skillet with  vegetable spray and heat.  Add the tuna steaks and cook over high heat  until browned on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. Lightly coat the top of the  tuna with vegetable spray, then turn and cook until browned outside but  still rare in the center, about 3 minutes longer. Transfer the tuna to a  cutting board and cut into 1/2 inch slices. Wipe out skillet and set over  high heat.  Add the spinach,season with salt and pepper and cook just until  wilted.  Add the tomatoes and stir until heated through. Mound spinach on  plates.  Arrange tuna and potatoes around the spinach and drizzle about 2  tablespoons of the basil sauce. Garnish with the chopped basil and serve at  once. Reprinted from Food and Wine - June 1996.  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #190    Date: Wed, 3 Jul 1996 23:47:30 -0700    From: Julie Bertholf <jewel1@ix.netcom.com>