Artichoke and Potato Ragout (Shulman)
Fresh lemon juice OR juice, Artichokes, Minced garlic cloves; or, Water or stock; *see tip, New potatoes; quartered OR, Fresh chopped parsley, Fresh thyme leaves, Or large onions; sliced, Bay leaf, olive oil, salt and pepper, 
TIP: About 1 quart of water is needed, more or less. You can enhance  flavors by using chicken or vegetable broth; or try a garlic stock (see  separate recipe).    Cut away the top leaves of the artichokes and break off the bottom leaves.  Trim the bottoms and rub with the cut side of a lemon. Cut small artichokes  in half, larger artichokes into quarters, and remove the spiny fibers with  a sharp knife. Rub the cut edges with a cut lemon and set aside.    Heat the olive oil in a lidded large heavy-bottomed saucepan or casserole  over medium-low heat and add the onions. Saute, stirring, until tender,  about 8 minutes. Add half the garlic and cook, stirring, until the garlic  begins to color, about 1 minute. Add the artichokes, the juice of 1/2  lemon, water or stock to cover, the bay leaf, salt, and pepper. Bring to a  simmer, cover, and simmer over low heat for 30 minutes.    Add the potatoes, remaining garlic, remaining lemon juice, thyme, and  parsley. Make sure the liquid covers everything (add as needed), cover, and  simmer for another 30 minutes or until the potatoes are tender. Adjust the  seasonings and serve.    ADVANCE PREP: This can be made several hours before serving and reheated.    PER PORTION: 250 cals; 9 G protein; 3g fat (11% cff); Sodium 167 MG; Carb       52    G.    >From PROVENCAL LIGHT, by Martha Rose Shulman (Bantam, 1994). >Edited by  Pat Hanneman 3/98    "This wonderfully, lemony, warming, long-simmering dish is substantial  enough to eat as a main course." You can use 2 or 3 small purple artichokes  per serving ..." that you see all over Provence or big California  artichokes cut into quarters. They work just as well, absorbing the  succulent broth in the most delicious way."-MRS    Recipe by: PROVENCAL LIGHT, by Martha Rose Shulman    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 21,  1998