Truffles #3
Dark coating chocolate, Unsweetened baking chocolate, Unsalted butter, Cointreau, 
From: lynx@netcom.com (Lynx-Amathon Adorienne) (collection)    Date: Fri, 30 Jul 1993 00:49:49 PDT  Here is a truffle recipe, makes about 10 dozen: Chop the chocolate.  Melt  together with the butter over simmering water.  Stir continuously with a  rubber spatula.  Dont let water get into the chocolate.  Warm the  Cointreau to the same temperature as the chocolate. Slowly blend the  Cointreau into the chocolate (still over the water). Stir continuously. Do  this slowly (as if you were making Hollandaise). Using an electric mixer,  beat the mixture until cool and somewhat thickened. (Takes about 5 minutes;  youll need a good mixer.)    Line a large baking sheet (11 x 17) with wax paper.  Pour in the truffle  mix.  (This will fill the pan.)  Chill in the refrigerator until solid.    Use a pizza cutter to cut the stuff into strips (peel off the wax paper  first), then into squares.  Take each one, mash it in your palm, and roll  in cocoa. Chill some more.    Substitute other liqueurs (Chambord, Amaretto, Kahlua) and coatings  (chopped roasted almonds, finely chopped candied orange peel, coffee beans  run through a nutmeg grinder, etc.)    Truffles rolled in cocoa are "classic" -- here are some rough and ready  instructions for coating them with chocolate, abstracted from "Making  Chocolates" by Alec Leaver.    Melt some chocolate over hot water, let it cool slowly until it just  thickens (80-84 degrees F).  Now warm the chocolate gently and slowly until  it thins slightly. The temperature should be above 85 degrees, but below 91  degrees.  "Should the temperature accidentally exceed 91 degrees while it  is being used, it will be noticeable that it quickly runs off the center  that is being coated and takes much longer to set. The only solution is to  cool the chocolate again to 80-82 degrees and warm it once more to the  working temperature. These maximum working temperatures are therefore  absolutely critical, and a great deal of time can be wasted warming and  cooling couverature which has thinned because it accidentally became too  hot."    The temperature of the room you work in should not exceed 70 degrees.  "The  ideal temperature is exactly 22 degrees less than the chocolate.  In other  words, if the couverature is 89 degrees, the room temperature should be 67  degrees."    Pre-bottom all centers -- that is, smear a little couverature on what will  be the bottom of the center with the back of a spoon and place it, bottom  side up, on a plate. This lets you check that the couverature is properly  tempered.    After the bases have set and hardened a little, stir the couverature  thoroughly, trying not to get too many air-bubbles in.  Drop a center into  the couverature, bottom down and, with an ordinary fork, slightly warmed,  push it down to submerge it fully. Immediately, pick it out with the fork,  tap the fork on the side of the bowl in order to settle the chocolate, and  wipe any excess from underneath the fork. Transfer the center to a sheet of  wax paper. Stir the couverature after depositing each center to keep it  well mixed.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /CANDY    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.