Asian Noodles with Summer Vegetables
Dried spaghetti; linguine,, Whole green onions; shredded, Skin from one lime; grated, Carrots; shredded, Sweet red pepper; shredded, Asian chile sauce, Chopped basil leaves, Chopped mint leaves, Very finely minced ginger, Flavorless cooking oil, Chinese rice wine or dry, Oyster sauce, Cloves finely minced garlic, Cornstarch, SAUCE, Medium-sized yellow, Grated orange skin, Unsweetened coconut milk, 
This recipe was made by Hugh Carpenter at a cooking class I took at the  Draegers Culinary Center in San Mateo. That day, he used a bell pepper,  asparagus, 2 baby bok choy, yellow squash, green onion, and ginger instead  of the veggies called for. I usually just use whats available at the  store. He also suggests stirring in smoked BBQ chicken, rare roast beef,  dungeness crab, or cooked salmon fillet.    Advance Preparation: Bring 4 quarts of water to a rapid boil. Lightly salt  the water and cook the pasta according to the instructions on the package.  When the pasta loses its raw texture but is still slightly firm, drain,  rinse with cold water, and drain again. Toss the pasta with half of the  cooking oil.    Cut the carrot into matchstick shaped pieces about 1 inch long and 1/8 inch  thick. Cut the red pepper, zucchini, and green onions into pieces the size  of the carrots.    In a large bowl, toss the vegetables with the pasta until evenly mixed,  then refrigerate. In a small bowl, combine all the ingredients for the  sauce. All advance preparation steps may be completed up to 8 hours before  you begin the final cooking steps.    Final Cooking Steps: Place a 12 or 14 inch saute pan or a 14 or 16 inch  flat bottom wok over the highest heat. When the pan becomes hot, add the  remaining 2 tablespoons cooking oil. When the oil becomes hot, add the  pasta mixture. Stir and toss the pasta until it begins to become hot and  the vegetables brighten, about 5 minutes.    Stir the sauce, and then add it to the pasta. Stir and toss the pasta. As  soon as the pasta becomes hot, about 3 minutes, taste and adjust the  seasonings. Transfer to a heated platter or 4 heated dinner plated. Serve  at once.    Serves 4 as a side dish    Recipe by: Hugh Carpenter  Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by Sheri Codiana <sheri@netsamurai.com> on Nov  26, 1997