Tung-An Chicken Pt 1
Dried red chili flakes, Chinese or Japanese sesame, STIRFRYING THE CHICKEN, Skin-on bone-in chicken, PARBOILING THE CHICKEN, Or 2 large Chinese dried, SAUCE INGREDIENTS, Coarse kosher salt, Rich unsalted chicken stock, Finely julienned fresh, Unseasoned rice vinegar, BINDER, Szechwan peppercorns, Thin (regular) soy sauce, Sugar, FINAL SEASONING, CHICKEN, Corn or peanut oil; (2 1/2, Nickel-size slices fresh, Thin whole scallion; cut in, Rice wine or quality dry, Cold chicken stock, Thin or 1 hefty whole, Cornstarch dissolved in, 
Parboiling the chicken: Rinse the breasts under cold running water and  remove any bloody clots. Smash the ginger & scallions lightly to release  their juices, and put them with the breasts in a small, heavy pot to hold  the chicken snugly. Add boiling water to cover, return the liquid to boil  over high heat, then reduce the heat to maintain a steady simmer. Simmer  the breasts 10 minutes. Remove the chicken immediately from the pot w. a  Chinese mesh spoon or a slotted spoon, and spray with cold water to stop  the cooking. Reserve the cooking liquid. Use to empty your freezer of bones  & make stock. The chilled chicken may be sealed airtight and refrigerated  overnight. Bring to room temperature prior to cooking.    Other preparations: Soak the mushrooms in cold or hot water to cover until  fully soft & spongy, 20 minutes to 1 hour. Snip off the stems, rinse under  running water to dislodge any sand trapped in the gills, then cut the caps  into long strips 1/8-inch wide.    Roast the peppercorns in a dry skillet over medium heat, stirring for about  1 minute until they are fragrant & begin to smoke. Crush to a coarse  consistency w. the end of a cleaver handle or in a mortar (I use a small  coffee grinder - Holly)    Cut whole chicken breasts in half to one side of the keel bone. Leaving the  skin in place, remove the meat in as much as one piece as possible. (You  may discard the chicken skin if you wish, but it is customary in this dish  to leave it on). Separate the fillets (some people call these tenders -  Holly) from the main pieces, and remove any membranes, fatty lozenges, and  the tough tips at the end of the tendons. Much of the meat will be red, as  at this point it is pnly partially cooked. Slice the meat crosswise,  against the grain, into strips 1/2-inch wide. Cut long strips into 1 1/2 to  2-inch lengths.    Cut the scallion segments lengthwise into slivers 1/8-inch thick and  combine in a small dish with the ginger threads & chili flakes.    Combine the stock, soy, wine, sugar, and salt (NOT the vinegar), stirring  to dissolve sugar.    Preparations may be completed several hours in advance. Seal the  ingredients airtight, and bring to room temperature before cooking.    Stir-frying the dish: About 10 minutes before serving, have all ingredients  and a Chinese mesh spoon or a slotted spoon within easy reach of your  stovetop. Put a serving dish of contrasting color in a low oven to warm.    Heat a wok or large, heavy skillet over high heat until hot enough to  evaporate a bead of water on contact. Add the oil, swirl to coat the pan,  then reduce the heat to medium-high. When the oil is hot enough to gently  sizzle a pinch of peppercorn, add the peppercorns & let them sizzle until  fragrant, about 5 seconds. Adjust the heat as necessary to prevent  scorching. Add the scallion, ginger & red chili flakes & stir until the  fragrance is pronounced, 10-15 seconds. Add the mushrooms, toss to combine,  then add the liquids to the pan & raise the heat to bring the mixture to a  gentle simmer, stirring. Add the chicken, stir gently until it turns 95  percent white, then remove    continued in part 2