Asparagus with Lemon Pasta
Parmesan Cheese, Fresh Mint, Fresh Asparagus, Lemons, Whipping cream, Cayenne pepper, Fresh Chives, Parmesan Cheese, Dry White Wine, Salt, Fettuccine, Butter or margarine, olive oil, Shallots, 
The Chinese were enjoying noodles and pasta 5,000 years before the birth of  Christ. During the same time, Europe was in the Stone Age, the great  civilizations of Egypt, Greece and Rome would not exist for another 3,000  years and in the Americas, only tall grasses grew where much of the wheat  used to make pasta noodles is now produced.    Today, pasta is a definitive convenience food that offers great variety,  easy-preparation and high-quality nutrition. Try this Pasta Great for  dinner tonight, and youll appreciate the history of the noodle all the  more!    Wash and thoroughly dry asparagus. Place stalks in a baking pan large  enough to hold them in one layer, and gently rub them with 1/2 tablespoon  olive oil. Sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon salt over the asparagus and bake in a  pre-heated 425-F degree oven for 12 to 15-minutes, depending upon the  thickness of the stalks. Remove from oven and set aside. When cool enough  to handle, cut into 1/2-inch pieces.    Fill a large pasta pot with a generous amount of salted water and cook the  Fettuccine until al dente. Drain, place in a bowl and toss with 1/2  tablespoon olive oil.    Pour wine into a large skillet or pan. Add shallots and reduce over medium  heat to one half the original volume. Wash lemons well with soap and water  to remove wax, rinse and dry. Add grated rind and juice from 2 lemons to  the wine. Simmer another 2-minutes. Add cream to mixture and bring to a  boil, then reduce heat and add 1/3 cup cheese, 1/4 teaspoon salt and  cayenne pepper.    Simmer slowly, whisking constantly, for approximately 4-minutes, or until  sauce begins to thicken. Cut cold butter into small pieces and add to the  sauce, cooking another minute. Add asparagus pieces, pasta and 2  tablespoons cheese. Toss until pasta is thoroughly coated with sauce and  heated through.    Divide pasta evenly in heated plates or soup bowls. Sprinkle with grated  peel from remaining lemon, chives and mint and serve.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by The Cook & Kitchen Staff  <dailyrecipe-owner@recipe-a-day.com> on Apr 17, 1998