Trio of Grains with Sweet Corn Coulis
Hazelnut Oil, COUSCOUS, GARNISHES, Pine Nuts, roasted, Salt and Pepper, to taste, Basmati Rice, cooked, Tomato paste, SWEET CORN COULIS, Tomato Concasse (see note), Herb-Infused Olive Oil, Shiitake Mushrooms, finely, Tarragon, fresh, finely, Quinoa, cooked, Zucchini, blanched and, Shiitake Mushroom Duxelles, Salt and Pepper, to taste, Ears Sweet Corn (in husks), Mint, fresh, finely minced, Red Bell Pepper, roasted and, Water (up to double amount), Salt and Pepper, to taste, Finely Julienned, lightly, Sage Leaves, fried, Cooked Couscous, Cucumber, finely diced, QUINOA, Lemon juice, BASMATI RICE, Spinach, chopped and sauteed, Salt and Pepper, to taste, 
Each of the three grain combinations can be formed using timbales or other  molds, or by the quenelle method using two large tablespoons.    COUSCOUS, RICE AND QUINOA:  Heat all couscous ingredients in a double  boiler until warmed through. Pack mixture into 6 small timbale molds (or  scoop mixture in a tablespoon, round a second tablespoon over the mixture  and press spoons together).  Unmold mixture and set aside.    Repeat procedure with basmati rice ingredients; set aside.    Repeat with quinoa ingredients; set aside.    COULIS:  Grill, broil or roast corn in their husks for 10 to 12 minutes,  until corn is cooked.  Discard husks and remove kernels from cobs. In a  food processor blend kernels with enough water to produce a sauce. Pass  mixture through a fine strainer, and season the liquid with salt and  pepper.    TO SERVE:  Pour coulis on 6 plates and place one serving of each grain on  each plate.  Garnish couscous with fried sage leaves; garnish basmati rice  with fried zucchini.    NOTES: To make tomato concasse, peel, seed and dice tomatoes and toss with  olive oil, salt and pepper.    To make shiitake duxelles, finely mince mushrooms and saute in oil with a  pinch of minced shallot or onion.    To fry sage leaves and zucchini for the garnishes, heat 3/4 inch of oil in  a pan to 350 F (a drop of water should ripple and pop on surface of the  oil); fry sage leaves for 1 minute, remove to a paper towel and  drain.	Repeat with finely julienned zucchini, frying just until golden.    Created by: Charlie Trotter, chef extraordinaire, Chicago    Source: Vegetarian Times, April 1993    Shared by: Norman R. Brown    