Triple Chocoloate Biscotti
Salt, Dark roasted coffee (or, Sugar, Vanilla extract, White chocolate, Baking soda, Chocolate chips; (4 oz), Eggs, Flour, unbleached; (10.5 oz), Hazelnuts; (9 oz), Cocoa, dutch-process; (3.5, 
Ive used walnuts every time Ive made these.    Heat the oven to 325.  Toast the hazelnuts on baking sheet for 10 to 15  minutes, until they emit a nutty aroma but havent turned dark brown  inside.   If they still have skins, cover the nuts with a dishtowel or  paper towels for a few minutes after you take them out of the oven and then  rub the nuts with thetowel to remove the skins.   Set aside to cool.    Put the flour, cocoa, baking soda, salt, sugar, and coffee into the bowl of  an electric mixer fitted with a paddle.  Combine these ingredients on a  medium-low speed and then toss in the nuts and chocolate chips.  In a  separate bowl, lightly whisk together the eggs and vanilla extact.  With  the mixer running on low speed, slowly add the egg mixture to the mixing  bowl until the dough comes together.  Remove the bowl from the mixer and  mix in any remaining dry ingredients from the bottom by hand.    Divide the dough into four equal parts.  With floured hands, roll each part  into a log about 10 inches long and 2 inches in diameter.  Place the logs 4  inches apart on greased or parchment lined baking sheets.    Bake the logs at 325 for 30 to 35 minutes, until the sides are firm, the  tops are cracked and the dough inside no longer looks wet.  Remove the  baking sheets from the oven and reduce the temparature to 300.  Let the  logs cool on the baking sheet for at least 10 minutes before slicing the  logs on a slight diagonal into 3/4 inch slices.  Place the biscotti flat on  the baking sheet and dry them in the oven for about 25 minutes, until the  biscotti offer resistance when pressed.  Transfer the biscotti to a rack to  cool.    While the biscotti are cooling, chop the white chocolate and melt ina  microwave on low power or in a double boiler.  With a knife, spread white  chocolate on one cut side of each cooked biscotti.  Put the biscotti,  white-chocolate side down, on a parchment-lined baking sheet.  Allow the  chocolate to harden.  Peel the biscotti from the parchment and store in an  airtight container.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #183    Date: 4 Aug 96 22:03:55 From: "steven.h.bergstein"  <steven.h.bergstein@ac.com>