Treasure Hunt
Sprigs chervil (or, STUFFING, Very thin crepes, Wild rice, Chicken Stock, Onions, Grated Parmesan cheese, Soaked and washed dry morel, Chicken breast, de-boned, VEGETABLES, Each of pearled carrot,, Butter, Chicken Stock, Celery, Seasoning - salt and pepper, Seasoning - salt and pepper, Fresh cream, Green leek stems (each, GARNISHES, Butter, Chopped chervil, Chicken Stock, SAUCE, Juice from 1 fresh lemon, Butter, Aluminum foil, Young peas or petits pois, Butter, CREPE BAGS, Seasoning salt and pepper, 
This looks like a nice dish++chicken breast stuffed with wild rice,  some veggies and crepe strips to fill in for noodles.    Establishment: Hotel Riverside Plaza Tai Chang Kiu Road, Shatin, New  Territories. Western Cuisine Practical Class Gold Award - Hot entree  Chef: Chan Chi-hung Philip (Hotel Riverside Plaza)    To prepare: 1. Precook wild rice as a pilaf with chopped onions,  chicken stock, and appropriate amount of water. When cool, add grated  Parmesan cheese and let mixture cool.    2.  Cut chicken breast portions butterfly style (i.e. slice in half  and spread open.  Flatten and slightly stretch them (by gently  pounding them between two sheets of wax paper or inside a clean  plastic bag. Season with salt and pepper.    3.  Lay a cone-shaped portion of rice stuffing on one side of each  flattened breast.  Roll chicken breast up in a cone shape.  Wrap each  cone firmly in aluminum foil (to maintain shape during cooking:  the  professional recipe calls for plastic foil wrapping, but aluminum  foil is recommended for home cooking).    4.  Blanch green leek stems, then refresh in cold water.    5.  Make 4 very thin crepes about 20 cms wide (ingredients not  included above).    To cook: 1. Blanch pearled vegetables, celery and peas, then saute in  approximately 10 g butter, adding salt and pepper according to taste.  Keep a quarter aside.    2.  To make sauce, reduce chicken stock and add fresh cream.  Cook  briefly, then strain.  Add fresh lemon juice and finish with butter  as required. Adjust seasoning and add chopped chervil according to  taste.    3.  Saute morels in approximately 10 g butter.    4.  Heat some chicken stock (5 cups should be sufficient to completely  cover the four wrapped chicken portions).  Simmer breasts in hot  stock for approximately 7 minutes.  Remove from pan, discard aluminum  foil wrappings, and saute in approximately 60 g butter until lightly  browned. Then slice each into six portions, cut at an angle (30 to 40  degrees).    To present: Treasure Hunt takes the form of a chicken breast "boat",  with morel oars being rowed towards crepe "treasure bag" of vegetable  "precious stones" some of which have spilled on the shore.    1.  Portion out 3/4 of vegetable pearls, celery and peas onto crepes  lifting crepe edges upwards to form bag shapes.  Tie tops of bags with  blanched green leek stems (with decorative knotted bows if stems are  long enough).    2.  Pour sauce onto plates.  Arrange chicken slices in a line on  sauce, lay thick ends of morels between them.  Place a crepe bag on  each plate, with reserved vegetable pearls laid beside bag.  Garnish  with chervil sprigs (or watercress or parsley).    From "Champion Recipes of the 1986 Hong Kong Food Festival".  Hong  Kong Tourist Association, 1986.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 29 1992.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip