Aush ( Noodles with Pulses, Meat and Yoghurt)
Salt, Additional flour, Finely chopped spinach, CHAKAH (YOGURT SAUCE, Drained yogurt, PULSE AND NOODLE MIXTURE, Salt, Hot chili pepper (or more), Vegetable oil, Cold water, AUSH DOUGH, MEAT SAUCE, Finely chopped coriander, Black Pepper, Salt to taste, Dried mint; rubbed, Cold water, Medium onion; finely chopped, Canned kidney beans w/liquid, Salt, Ground lamb or beef, Plain flour, Yellow split peas, Vegetable oil, Tomato puree, Water, 
Serves: 6 Cooking time: 1 to 1-1/4 hours Sift flour and salt into a bowl,  add water and mix to a firm dough, adding more flour if necessary. Divide  into 2 balls and wrap in plastic.  Rest for 30 minutes. On a floured board  roll out each ball of dough very thinly. Cut into 5 mm (1/4-inch) strips  either while it is flat or by rolling up each sheet of dough and slicing  with a sharp knife.  Place noodles on a floured cloth, dust with flour and  leave to dry for about 30 minutes. Wash split peas well and place in a pan  with 1-1/2 cups cold water.  Bring to the boil and boil gently for 30  minutes or until tender.  Add red beans and liquid and keep warm. In a  large pot bring 8 cups water to the boil, add 2 teaspoons salt, oil and  noodles.  Put noodles in gradually, stirring after each addition. Return to  the boil and cook uncovered for 5 minutes. Add spinach and cook for further  5 minutes.  Drain in a colander and return to the pot. Add split peas and  bean mixture with its liquid, toss ingredients lightly and keep hot over  low heat. In a frying pan heat the 1/2 cup oil, fry onion until soft and  add ground meat. Stir over high heat until juices evaporate and meat browns  lightly. Add salt and pepper to taste, tomato puree and water, cover and  simmer 10 minutes, then remove cover and let moisture evaporate. Sauce  should be oily. Combine chakah ingredients, add to noodles and toss well.  Mixture should be moist. Place noodle mixture in a deep dish and top with  keema.  Stir at the table and serve in deep plates.    