Trifle
Almonds, slivered, milk, Cornstarch, Heavy cream;or whipping, Sherry, Crystallized violets, Citron slices;*, Vanilla pod, Raspberry Jam, Eggs, Brandy:*, Heavy cream;or whipping, Strawberries; -OR-, Sugar, Sponge cake;leftover, 
* Annes note; I would use 1 cup sherry and not bother with the brandy *  Citron is larger than a lemon. The fruit is not eaten but the rind is used  as a decoration. Can be found in speciality stores, omit if you cant find  it    "Trifle, a favorite Victorian recipe, is the perfect party recipe. Make it  well ahead of time of time, so that the sherry and brandy have enough time  to seep into the cake. The charm of Trifle is its different textures. Since  these also look interesting , Trifle should be served in a glass bowl so  that the effect can be seen to full advantage. As an alternative serve it  in individual glass dishes."    Cut the cake into very thick slices and spread each piece with a generous  amount of raspberry jam. Arrange the slices on the bottom of a large glass  bowl. If you prefer to use individual dishes, divide the cake equally among  the dishes. Sprinkle the almonds over the cake slices, pour on the brandy  and sherry and allow it it to soak for about 40 minutes (but not longer as  the cake will becomes soggy. *Annes note, I like it soggy, and left the  cake to soak overnight.) Bring the milk and cream with vanilla pod to a  boil in a double boiler. Remove from heat and discard the vanilla pod. Mix  the cornstarch with the sugar and eggs and gradually pour in the milk and  cream. Transfer the mixture back to the double boiler and stir until the  custard becomes thick and creamy; do not allow to boil. Let the custard  cool a little and then pour it over the cake. Let the cake set and when it  fully cooled, spread any remaining jam on top, then cover with whipped  cream. Decorate the trifle with citron slices and crystallized violets or  strawberry slices. Refrigerate until ready to serve.    SERVES:6-8 SOURCE: _Great British Cooking: A Well Kept Secret_ posted by  Anne MacLellan    