Treasured Roll Recipe
Warm water, Salt, Melted shortening; (be sure, Active dry yeast., Egg, Flour*, Sugar; (up to 1/3), 
* ( Pillsburys or Gold Medals "bread flour" works best). Has a higher  gluten content, but recipe will work fine with regular flour as my Grandma  made it.    Have thought about posting this recipe for home made rolls for a year or  more, but just wasnt sure I wanted to share it. It was my Great Grandmas  recipe. Got to feeling guilty about not letting all of you in on this great  treat, so here goes:    I like to use my bread machine to do the mixing and kneading work. It is  much easier. If you have one, do this: Combine all dry ingredients  together, then add wet ingredients and yeast. Put bread machine on dough  cycle and let it do the work. After dough cycle has finished, place dough  on floured work table, and grease hands with a little lard or shortening.  Pinch dough off into large egg size, and roll in hand a bit, to shape, then  place roll in GREASED baking pan. If dough tries to stick to hands,  re-grease hands, or shake a little flour on dough to firm up. Continue  doing this until all dough is used. Should make about a dozen rolls. Space  rolls about 1/2 inch apart for high risers, or 1 inch apart for a rounder  roll. I likeem both ways, depending on the mood Im in that day. Cover  roll pan with a slightly warm damp towel or cloth and let rolls rise till  almost double in size, then bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes. After about  15 minutes, you can remove rolls from oven and butter the tops, then finish  baking. This is optional.    If you dont have a bread machine, or want to do it with a mixer or by  hand, mix yeast with 1/2 of the warm water, and about 1 or 2 tablespoons of  the sugar. Let stand on the side in a large cup or small bowl while mixing  the other ingredients in another bowl. The yeast mixture will start to  froth and works as a jump starter. After mixing the remaining ingredients,  add the yeast mixture, and knead dough until smooth, shiney, and  elastic...about 10 minutes or more. Let rise in greased covered bowl until  double in size, then beat down, and kneed again for a few minutes. Form  rolls, place in greased pan and follow above instructions.    For a fantastic pulled pork bun, form dough into larger, flatter rolls,  about twice the original size, and bake for about 5 to 8 minutes more. Add  sesame seeds for an extra treat, if desired. Hope all of you find this old  recipe an addition to your "good recipe list".  Posted to bbq-digest by dgaulden@caverns.net (Gaulden, Danny) on Jun 04,  1998