Trick Beans
Onion; kinda chopped, no big, Brown sugar, Canned Baked Beans, MSG, Dry mustard, Worcestershire for the Bacon, Smoked Bacon; Woostered, Worcestershire; for The, 
A novel go-with:    I have tried variations of this recipe four times now. This is my refined  version. It tastes a LOT better than the simple ingredients might suggest.    No vinegar (acid), no salt, we are going to go for texture here, directly.    Wooster Bacon: After you turn the unseparated bacon slices a couple times  over VERY low heat, it gets less white looking and the slices start sliding  apart, drain and return to the fire. Sprinkle generously with  Worcestershire, say a tbsp per 1/4 lb.    Turn after while. (were trying to keep it from curling all up) and drain  again. The trick is to not french fry the bacon in its own fat, but cook  it gently. Next time you turn it, drain and sprinkle with Worcestershire  again. Turn the individual slices a few times more and when done, drain on  newspaper. (If people are drawn by the smell of your Woostered Bacon, start  with more, it does have an irresistible odor.)    Start The Beans: I cooked the whole mess on top the stove at low heat and  let it thicken. Then I poured a cup of water over it, and put the (straight  sided) sauce pan with the heatproof handle in a 250F oven for 4 hours. I  had to add water to keep em covered, and put it back in for a couple more  hours. Then I covered em with the sauce pan lid and turned the oven off.    After my nap, I took the almost room temp beans, pot, cover and all out of  the cold oven, straight into the fridge.    These will now need salt. I use popcorn salt because its so fine it  dissolves readily in the sauce with the beans, so you can taste. Then I  pureed em in the Vita Mix, to the texture of "re-fried beans." I served em  at room temp.    I smiled mysteriously at those who asked. "Whats in here? This stuff is  delicious." (Dont you just love it when you pull something off?)  Posted to bbq-digest by jprather@usa.net on May 31, 1998