Tournedos Rossini with Chatue Potatoes
Black truffles, Tourneed potatoes, Canapes, Foie Gras, Salt and pepper, Salt and black pepper, Fillets, parsley, Butter, Madeira, 
EMERIL LIVE SHOW #EMIA43    Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the Foie Gras with salt and  pepper. Place the Foie Gras in a shallow dish and cover with 1/4 cup of the  Madeira. Soak the truffle slices in the remaining 1/4 cup of Madeira.  Marinate the Foie Gras and truffles for 10 minutes. Remove the Foie Gras  and truffle slices, reserve the Madeira. In a saute pan, melt 8 tablespoons  of butter. Add the potatoes to the melted butter and season with salt and  pepper. Saute the potatoes for 3 to 4 minutes. Place the potatoes in the  oven and roast the potatoes until golden brown and tender, about 20  minutes, shaking the pan every five minutes. Season the fillets with salt  and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of butter. When the  butter has melted, add the fillets and sear for 3 to 4 minutes on each  side. Remove from the pan. Place the canapes in the saute pan and arrange  the fillets on top. Place the pan in the oven and roast for 6 to 8 minutes  for medium rare. In a hot saute pan, sear the Foie Gras for 1 to 2 minutes  on each side. Remove the foie Gras and drain on a paper-lined plate.  Dissolve the arrowroot in 2 tablespoons of the reserved Madeira to form a  slurry and set aside. Add the reserved Madeira, truffles and veal stock to  the Foie Gras fat. Bring the liquid up to boil and whisk in the slurry.  Boil the liquid for a couple of minutes and then reduce to a simmer. Cook  the sauce for 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. To serve, remove  the fillets and potatoes from the oven. Place the fillets in the center of  each plate. Arrange three potatoes around each fillet. Top each fillet with  a piece of seared Foie Gras. Spoon the sauce over the top of the Foie Gras  and garnish with parsley.    Yield: 6 servings    Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Mar 09, 1998