Tropical Banana Cake
Bananas, Buttermilk, Black walnuts, Sugar, -water, milk, Ground cinnamon, Bavarian cream frosting, Norma Wrenn, Baking Powder, Sugar, Reynolds crystal yel wrap, Eggs, All-purpose flour, Baking soda, Reynolds clear plastic wrap, salt, unsweetened pineapple  , unflavored gelatin, Sour cream, Wesson oil, Whipping cream, 
*Substitute Macadami nuts. Cake: Combine sugar and next 4 ingredients in a  large bowl; stir well using a wire whisk. Combine flour and next 4  ingredients; add to liquid mixture, folding just until blended. Stir in  walnuts. Spread batter into two greased and floured 9-inch cakepans; bake  at 375~ for 20 to 25 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center  comes out clean. Cool in pans 5 minutes; remove from pans, and let cool  completely on wire racks. Measure out 3/4 cup Bavarian Cream Frosting;  gently stir in pineapple. To assemble, place one cake layer on serving  platter; spread pineapple mixture over layer. Top with second cake layer;  spread remaining Bavarian Cream Frosting on top and sides of cake. Cover  with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Yield: one 9-inch cake.  BAVARIAN CREAM FROSTING: Combine gelatin and water in a small bowl; let  stand 1 minute. Combine milk, sugar, and gelatin mixture in a small  saucepan; cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until sugar is melted  and gelatin is dissolved (coat spoon with mixture and make sure it is no  longer grainy). Remove from heat and cool to room temperature; stir in sour  cream. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until mixture is consistency  of unbeaten egg whites, about 30 minutes. Fold one-fourth whipped cream  into chilled mixture until smooth; fold in remaining whipped cream. Cover  and refrigerate until spreading consistency. Yield: about 5 cups Garnish  with chopped walnuts on top and surround base of cake with walnut halves.  SOURCE: Cafe Southern Living 5-Star Dining  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V4 #253 by "Deborah K?hnen"  <DEBKUHNEN@classic.msn.com> on Sep 23, 97