Auntie Yuan Duck Salad
Vinegar; Chinese, rice, Stock; chicken **, Mustard; dry, Scallions; slivered, Soy sauce, Duckling; excess fat removed, Peppercorns; Szechwan,, Mai fun; (rice sticks), Lettuce; iceberg, shredded, Oil; vegetable, ROAST DUCK, Honey, Salt, Sugar, Garlic; finely chopped, Salt, DRESSING, Pepper; white, ground, Soy sauce, Oil; vegetable (for deep fat, Vinegar; Chinese, rice, Cilantro (coriander), Sesame seeds; lightly, 
** See recipes for Chicken Stock.    For Roast Duck: Preheat the oven to 400 F. Rub some soy sauce, salt and  pepper into the cavity of the duck and place the duck on a rack in the  roasting pan. Stir together the honey and the vinegar and brush some over  the duck. Roast the duck until crisp and golden, about 1 hour, occasionally  brushing with honey-vinegar mixture. Cool.    With a sharp knife, remove the skin from each side of the breast and cut  into thin slivers.  Remove the meat from each side of the breast and cut it  into thin slivers.  Combine the slivers of skin and the slivers of duck,  reserve 1 cup.  The remainder of the duck can be saved for another use.    For Dressing: In a small bowl, blend together the dressing ingredients and  set aside.    In a wok or wide casserole, heat 2 inches of vegetable oil over high heat  to 450 F. Carefully, add mai fun noodles, in a few seconds they will puff.  Turn carefully with a skimmer and cook the other side. Remove the noodles  and drain on paper towels.    Break up the noodles and arrange them on 4 chilled serving plates.  Scatter  shredded lettuce over the noodles and top with the reserved duck.  Garnish  with scallions and cilantro.  Stir dressing and drizzle a small amount over  each salad.  Sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve, passing remaining  dressing separately.    Source:  New Yorks Master Chefs, Bon Appetit Magazine, Written by Richard  Sax, Photographs by Nancy McFarland, The Knapp Press, Los Angeles, 1985    Chef: Simon Teng, Auntie Yuan Restaurant, New York Co-Owner: Ed Schonfeld  Co-Owner: David Keh    Date:    6/28/96 7:27 AM    From: dlassiter@atsva.com    MC-Recipe Digest V1 #133    From the MasterCook recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.