Biscoitos De Maizena (Cornstarch Cookies)
Cornstarch, Coconut; freshly grated,, Granulated sugar, Salt, Whole Egg; lightly beaten, Unsalted Butter; (no, 
Makes about 2 Dozen Cookies    The Cook & Kitchen Staff are taking you to four different corners of the  world to serve up a variety of regional holiday specialties. Were  currently offering you a taste of the holidays in Brazil, so break out your  shorts and T-shirt and head to the kitchen right now to prepare these  delectable little cookies.    Christmas in Brazil is a most festive occasion that ushers in the beginning  of summer. The tropical temperatures make Christmas in Brazil a unique  holiday, where the lights and glitter of Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, and  Brasilia sparkle long into the night.    Todays recipe is a Brazilian favorite and you will find many variations of  this most basic recipe served in homes all over Brazil during the holidays.  Theyre called Maizena cookies because thats the brand name for cornstarch  in Brazil, and cornstarch is the primary ingredient in these tasty little  melt-in-your-mouth cookies.    Preheat oven to 375-F degrees. Lightly grease a baking or cookie sheet.    Sift cornstarch, sugar, and salt together in a large mixing bowl. Add the  lightly beaten egg and blend in the butter, incorporating the coconut as  well, if desired. Knead well. Let stand for 10 to       15    minutes.    To prepare traditionally shaped Biscoitos de Maizena, roll about a 1-inch  ball in the palms of your freshly cleaned hands and drop each cookie onto  the prepared cookie sheet. Using the tines of a fork, gently press the  cookie flat with a criss-crossed pattern. You may elect to use a cookie  press to drop your cookies on the prepared cookie sheet, also.    Bake for about 8 to 10 minutes, depending on cookie size. Let cool and  serve with a steaming cup of Brazilian coffee. Store in an airtight  container for up to 2 weeks.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Dec 2, 1998, 