Asparagus, Prosciutto, and Goat Cheese Galettes
Egg yolks, Unsalted butter, Galette rounds; (recipe, GALETTE ROUNDS, milk, olive oil, Whole egg, Chopped fresh chives, Thin asparagus; (about 15, Thinly sliced prosciutto;, Salt, Soft mild goat cheese;, Stick; (6 tablespoons), Onions; chopped, All-purpose flour, 
In a skillet cook onions in oil and butter with salt and pepper to taste    over moderately low heat 15 minutes, or until golden. Transfer onions to a  bowl to cool.    Have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. Cut asparagus crosswise into  1/2-inch pieces and cook in a large saucepan of boiling salted water 3 to 5  minutes, or until just tender. Drain asparagus in a colander and transfer  to bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Lift asparagus out of water  and pat dry.    Preheat oven to 400F.    Spread onions evenly onto galette rounds and top with prosciutto,  asparagus, and goat cheese. Bake galettes on a baking sheet in middle of  oven about 15 minutes, or until tops are lightly browned. Transfer galettes  to a rack and cool.    Serve galettes, cut into wedges, at room temperature.    GALETTE ROUNDS: In a bowl whisk together milk, butter, yolks, and whole  egg. In another bowl whisk together flour, salt, and chives and stir into  milk mixture until just combined.    On a lightly floured surface with floured hands knead dough about 8 times,  or until just smooth. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill hour.    Preheat oven to 450F.    Divide dough into 4 pieces. On a lightly floured surface with a floured  rolling pin roll out each piece into an 8-inch round. Transfer rounds to    2 baking sheets and crimp edges decoratively. Chill dough 10 minutes and  bake in middle and lower thirds of oven about 5 minutes, or until golden  brown. Transfer galettes to racks and cool completely. Galettes may be made  1 day ahead and kept in a sealable plastic bag at room temperature. Makes 4  galettes rounds.    Makes 2 galettes, serving 2.    Gourmet April 1996    Posted to recipelu-digest by Sandy <sandysno@pctech.net> on Feb 24, 1998