Braised Red Snapper with Artichokes and Fresh Herbs
Onion, Crushed coriander seed, olive oil, Fillets; boneless, Fish bones, Salt, olive oil, Carrot, Shallots, Onion, BRAISED RED SNAPPER, Leek-white part only, Bay leaf, Chopped fresh parsley, Coriander seed, FISH STOCK, Rib celery, Cold water, Lemon, White wine, Red snapper fillets;, Chopped fresh basil, Sprig fresh thyme, Leek, Sprig fresh thyme, Garlic, Garlic, Pepper, Whole artichokes, 
For the stock, rinse the fish bones. Cut off leek top for the stock and  reserve white part for the sauce. Mince the onion. Put the leek top, onion,  and celery in a stockpot, add the fish bones, the water, thyme, whote  garlic cloves, coriander seed, and bay leaf Bring to a boil and simmer for  20 minutes. Strain. Stock can be refrigerated for several days, or it can  be frozen.    Mince the onion. Cut the reserved white part of leek into very thin  julienne stips. Quarter the carrot and cut into thin julienne strips. Crush  the coriander seed. Remove leaves from artichokes and save for another  dish. Cut artichoke bottoms into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Squeeze lemon juice  over them.    Heat the olive oil in pan over low heat. Add the onion and julienned leek  and cook, covered, until translucent, about 1 1/2 minutes. Add the carrot,  whole garlic cloves, thyme, and crushed coriander seed and cook, covered,  over low heat for 2 minutes. Add the artichokes and white wine, stirring  with a wooden spoon to deglaze the pan.    Cover and continue cooking over low heat until the artichokes are tender,  about 15 minutes. Remove garlic cloves. Drain artichokes and reserve liquid  for sauce.    Mince the shallots. Chop the parsley. Butter a baking pan.    Recipe can be made to this point several hours ahead.    Heat oven to 400F. Put the shallots in prepared pan, add the fish fillets,  and season with salt and pepper. Add 1 1/2 cups of fish stock, cover with  foil, and braise in preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove fillets to a warm  platter. Reserve liquid for sauce. Gently reheat artichoke mixture.    For the sauce, put the reserved liquid from artichokes and fish into a  saucepan and reduce to 1/2 cup over medium heat. Slowly whisk in the olive  oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Chop basil and add it and  parsley.    Arrange the artichoke slices around the edge of a serving platter. Put the  fillets in the middle and pour sauce over.    Recipe by Mangia!      