Trifle with Strawberries and Caramel-Coated Bananas Pt 1
All purpose flour, Bananas, Salt, Vanilla bean, Dark rum, Unsalted butter, CUSTARD, Vanilla extract, Sugar, ASSEMBLY, Additional bananas, Whipped cream, Fresh mint sprigs, sugar, water, Egg yolks, whipping cream, Additional fresh berries, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, fresh berries, all-purpose flour, Whole Milk, Powdered sugar, Raspberry jam, Sugar, CARAMEL SYRUP, CAKE, Eggs, 
(optional)    Cake: Preheat oven to 350F. Lightly spray 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-inch jelly  roll pan with vegetable oil spray. Line bottom of pan with waxed paper,  extending paper slightly at short ends; spray paper. Using electric mixer,  beat 5 eggs, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1-3/4 teaspoons vanilla and  1/2 teaspoon salt in large bowl until mixture triples in volume and is  thick enough to fall in heavy ribbon when beaters are lifted, about 12  minutes. Sift 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour over batter in 2 additions,  gently folding just to combine after each addition. Drizzle 2 1/2  tablespoons butter over and fold in gently (do not overmix or batter will  deflate). Pour batter evenly into prepared pan.    Custard: Place milk in medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean;  add bean. Bring to boil. Whisk yolks, sugar and flour in medium bowl until  smooth. Gradually whisk in hot milk mixture. Return mixture to pan; whisk  over medium heat until custard thickens and boils, about 4 minutes. Strain  into medium bowl. Press plastic wrap onto surface. Chill until cold, about  3 hours. Using electric mixture, beat cream in medium bowl to stiff peaks.  Fold cream into cold custard. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and  refrigerate.)    Syrup: Stir sugar and 1/3 cup water in heavy small saucepan over low heat  until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; boil without stirring until syrup  turns deep amber, brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and  swirling pan occasionally. Remove from heat. Add 3 tablespoons water  (mixture will bubble vigorously). Stir until caramel is smooth. Pour  caramel into medium bowl; mix in remaining 2 tablespoons water. Cool. (Can  be made 1 day ahead. Cover; let stand at room temperature.)    Assembly: Sift generous amounts of powdered sugar over 2 kitchen towels.  Cut around pan sides to loosen cakes. Turn cakes out onto prepared towels.  Peel off paper.    Stir jam and 2 tablespoons rum in small bowl to blend. Cut each cake  crosswise in half. Spread half of jam mixture over 1 piece of each cake.  Gently press second piece of each cake onto jam.    Cut cake sandwiches crosswise into 3/4-inch-wide strips. Arrange enough  cake strips in 3 1/2- to 4-quart glass trifle dish or bowl to cover bottom,  trimming strips to fit and allowing jam layer to show at sides. Brush cake  layer with 2 tablespoons rum. Top with half of sliced berries, arranging  some to show at sides of dish.    Add banana slices to caramel syrup; gently stir to coat. Using slotted  soon, remove banana slices, a few at a time, draining all excess caramel  back into bowl. Layer half of banana slices atop berries, arranging some to  show at sides of dish.    Spoon half of custard over bananas, spreading to side of dish. Repeat  layering with cake, rum, berries, banana slices and custard. Arrange  remaining cake strips atop custard; press gently to compact. Brush with 2  tablespoons rum. Cover trifle. Chill at least 4 hours and up to 10 hours.    continued in part 2  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by Julie Bertholf <jewel1@ix.netcom.com> on  Apr 06, 1998