Trenette with Rabbit and Shiitake Mushroom Sauce
Onion, Finely chopped mixed fresh, Rabbit, thawed if frozen,, Fresh or dried trenette or, Garlic cloves, shopped, Head garlic, whole, unpeeled, Finely chopped parsley for, All purpose flour for, olive oil, White wine vinegar, Water, Beef broth, Pancetta or bacon, chopped, Dry white wine, Fresh shiitake mushrooms,, 
Okay, here are those recipes I promised from the February 1997 issue of  Gourmet. They look great. As for emailing out of MasterCook, well, I need  to set the thing up, Im missing some file or another, yada, yada, yada, so  here they are NOT in MC format. Hope they come through okay.    Preheat oven to 325 F.    Cut mushrooms into 1/4 inch thick slices. Pat rabbit and reserved liver  dry. Season rabbit with salt and pepper and dredge in flour, shaking off  excess.    In a large heavy ovenproof skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until  hot but not smoking and brown rabbit on all sides. Transfer rabbit to a  plate and in skillet saute pancetta or bacon, stirring, until golden. Add  onion and chopped garlic and saute, stirring, until onion is golden. Add  vinegar and wine and deglaze skillet, scraping up browned bits. Simmer  onion mixture until liquid is evaporated, about 5 minutes. Cut off and  discard top 1/4 inch head of garlic, exposing cloves and head to onion  mixture with broth, water and herbs. Bring mixture to a simmer and season  with salt and pepper. Stir in mushrooms and rabbit and braise, covered, in  middle of oven 1 hour or until meat is tender.    Transfer rabbit to a plate and cool slightly. Remove garlic head and  squeeze softened cloves into sauce, discarding skins. Mash garlic with a  fork and stir sauce well.    Using 2 forks shred meat, discarding bones, and stir into sauce with  reserved liver, if using. Simmer sauce over moderate heat 10 minutes and  season with salt and pepper. Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and cooled,  uncovered before being chilled, covered.    In an 8 qt. kettle bring 7 qts. salted water to boil. Cook pasta until al  dente and drain in a colander. In a large heated bowl immediately toss  pasta with sauce and garnish with parsley. Serves 4 to 6 as a main course.    Posted to FOODWINE Digest 28 Jan 97 by Robert Felten <cmfrtf@FLASH.NET> on  Jan 28, 1997.