Traditional Lasagne
BECHAMEL SAUCE, Butter, Recipe Egg Pasta or use 2, Onion, Rib celery, Pepper, milk, Parmesan cheese, grated, Lean pork, ground, Salt, Salt, OR 1/2 Lb dry lasagne, Garlic, Heavy cream, Flour, BOLOGNESE SAUCE, Dry white wine, Butter, Carrot, Nutmeg, grated, Pepper, Fresh Italian plum tomatoes, 
PREPARATION:  Make the Egg Pasta dough.  Roll as thin as possible and cut  into 2-inch wide stripe or approximately 4-inch squares. Grate the Parmesan  cheese. For The Bolognese Sauce, dice the onion, carrot, and celery. Mince  the garlic. Melt butter in saucepan over medium heat; add the pork and cook  until it just loses its pink color, about 3 minutes. Add onion, carrot, and  celery; cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook 1 minute. Add  wine, stirring with wooden spoon to deglaze pan; simmer until reduced by  1/2, about 15 minutes.  Add heavy cream and nutmeg; simmer until thickened,  about 5 minutes.  Stir in tomatoes and their juice, breaking up with a  wooden spoon. Cover and simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 2  hours.  Season with salt and pepper. For The Bechamel Sauce, melt butter on  low heat in a saucepan. Whisk in the flour and cook 1 minute. Gradually  whisk in the milk and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat;  season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 20 minutes. Cook the pasta in a  large pot of boiling, salted water until tender, about 3 minutes for fresh  pasta.  Drain and refresh under cold water. Pour a thin layer of Bolognese  Sauce into bottom of baking dish. Arrange a layer of pasta on top. Pour 1/3  of the Bolognese and then 1/3 of the Bechamel over pasta. Sprinkle 1/4 cup  Parmesan cheese. Repeat for 2 more layers, ending with the Parmesan cheese.  NOTE:  Lasagne can be made to this point a day ahead (OR can be frozen).  COOKING AND SERVING: Heat oven to 400F. Loosely cover lasagne with foil and  bake until warmed through, about 20 minutes. Remove foil and put lasagne  under broiler until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Let lasagne sit for 10  minutes before serving.    Makes 4 servings.    [COOKS  March-April 1988]    