Borekas
Eggs, Egg, Salt, Vegetable oil, Yellow Onion; chopped, Parsley, Ice Water, Flour, Stick Butter; chilled, Lemon juice, olive oil, Water, Spinach; Frozen, thawed &, Mashed Potatoes, Sesame seeds, 
Recipe By : The Miami Herald    Put the 2-1/2 c. flour in a large bowl and make a well in the center. Place  1 stick of butter and 1/2 c. vegetable oil in the well and, using a pastry  blender, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir  the lemon juice (or vinegar) into the ice water. Sprinkle the water, 1 TBS.  at a time, over a section of the flour. Gently mix with a fork to moisten.  Push the moistened section aside and continue adding enough water to make a  soft dough that just holds together. The dough should not be wet or  crumbly. Place the dough on a lightly floured surface and knead briefly  with the heel of your hand. Form into a ball, flatten slightly, cover with  plastic wrap and refrigerate for several hours or overnight. (Dough can  also be frozen.)    When ready to make the Borekas, let the dough stand at room temperature  until workable before rolling. Preheat oven to 375?.    On lightly floured surface, roll out the dough and cut into 3" rounds (or  can make them larger), about 1/8" thick. Place a heaping tsp. of the  filling in the center of each round. Fold the dough in half over the  filling to form a half-moon and press the rounded edge with the tines of a  fork to seal. (They can be prepared to this point and frozen. Do not  defrost for baking, just increase the baking time by about 10 minutes.)  Place the Borekas on a baking sheet.    Beat 1 egg with 1 TBS. water. Brush the tops of the Borekas with the egg  wash. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.    Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve warm. Makes 30 small  Borekas.  Sephardic Spinach Filling:    Heat the 3 TBS. olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the  onion and saute until soft and translucent, 5-10 minutes. Either add the  spinach, 2 eggs, mashed potatoes, parsley and 1/2 tsp. salt to the pan and  cook them OR put everything in the food processor and pulse it twice,  without further cooking.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by SuperSecDD@aol.com on Oct 23, 1998,  