Autumn Fruit Pie
Dried mission figs, All-purpose flour, Cold water, Sugar, Egg, Kosher salt, Apples, Cold water, unsalted butter, FILLING, orange zest, Crust, Ground cinnamon, Dried calimyrna figs, Walnut, Sugar, 
CRUST: To begin the pie crust, combine the flour, salt, and sugar in a  large bowl. Cut the butter into 1-inch cubes and cut them into the flour or  mix them in with the paddle attachment of an electric mixer until the  mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the water and toss gently to blend.  Press the dough together. Wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate until  needed.    FILLING: With a small knife, remove the hard bit of stem at the tip of each  fig. Place all the figs in a medium saucepan with water and bring it to a  boil. Reduce it to a simmer and cook until the figs are tender, 15 to 20  minutes. Strain them, discarding the liquid, and set aside to cool. Preheat  the oven to 425 F. Chop the cooled figs into 1/2-inch chunks. Peel,  quarter, and core the apples; cut them into 1/2-inch pieces. Combine the  fruits and walnuts in a large bowl. Blend the cinnamon, orange zest, and 1  tablespoon of sugar and sprinkle the mixture over the fruit; toss to blend  evenly. Cut the chilled pie dough in half. On a lightly floured surface,  roll each half into a 13-inch circle. Line the bottom of a 9-inch pie pan  with one circle. Spoon the fruit mixture into the shell, gently pressing it  into place. Brush the rim of the shell with beaten egg, and top the pie  with the other circle of dough. Crimp the edges. Brush the top of the pie  (but not the edges) lightly with water; sprinkle on the remaining  tablespoon of sugar. Cut 4 small slashes in the top crust to allow steam to  escape. Bake the pie on the lowest oven shelf for 15 minutes, then reduce  the temperature to 375 F. Continue baking until the top is golden brown,  about 30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.    Recipe is from _Baking with Jim Dodge_ by Jim Dodge with Elaine Ratner.  Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Felicia Pickering <MNHAN063@SIVM.SI.EDU> on Aug  3, 1997