Aunt Helen Roses Gumbo (Vegetarian)
ROUX, Water, Corn kernels, FLUFFY RICE, REST, Worcestershire sauce, Olive oil spray, Celery, Cayenne pepper, Hot pepper sauce, Dried thyme, Frozen okra, Garlic, salt and pepper, Onion, Vegetable oil, Water, No-salt-added whole ?, Long-grain white rice, Frozen baby lima beans, File, Green bell pepper, All-purpose flour, Worcestershire Sauce, salt and pepper, 
Prepare a large, nonstick pan with olive oil spray and heat on medium-high  heat. Add okra, onion, bell peppers, celery, and garlic. Saute 5 minutes.  Remove vegetables to a bowl.    ROUX* - Add oil to saucepan and stir in flour. Saute 3 minutes, until flour  turns a cocoa color. *For a roux with no fat, omit the oil and brown the  flour in a dry pan, over medium heat, stirring constantly. Without oil,  flour will burn.    Add the 4 cups water little by little, stirring constantly until smooth.  Bring to a simmer, add thyme and cayenne. Add tomatoes breaking them up  with a spoon. Return vegetables to the pan and simmer 5 minutes. Add corn  and lima beans. Continue to simmer 5 minutes. Turn off heat, add  Worcestershire sauce, file powder and salt and pepper to taste, and let  stand. Serve gumbo with Worcestershire sauce and hot pepper sauce at the  table as desired. Serve with hot cooked rice.    To make RICE: Bring a large pot of water with 2 to quarts of water to boil.  Add rice and boil, uncovered, about 10 minutes. Test a grain. Rice should  be cooked through, but not soft. Drain rice in a colander. Run hot water  through rice and stir with a fork. Add salt and pepper to taste.    (C) Recipe from "Vegetarian Dinner in Minutes," by Linda Gassenheimer  (Chronicle Books).    >edited by Pat Hanneman (Kitpath) 98-Feb for (C) Eat-LF Mailing List  Archive.    *FILE : powdered sassafras leaves, most commonly used to flavor and thicken  gumbo.    Recipe by: Vegetarian Dinner in Minutes by Linda Gassenheimer    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 18,  1998