Tourte Au Chocolat Et Cerises
Fresh -or-, Unsweetened chocolate;, Heavy (whipping) cream, Cocoa powder, Confectioners sugar, Kirsch, Eggs, FILLING, Canned dark; pitted cherries, CAKE, Marinated cherries, Kirsch, Semisweet chocolate, Sugar, Each of hazlenuts (filberts), Sugar, MARINATED CHERRIES, Water, 
Marinated cherries: If using canned cherries, drain. Save the liquid for  another use. Bring the sugar and water to a boil over medium heat, stirring  until the sugar is dissolved. Let cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the Kirsch.  Add the cherries and marinate overnight. Cake: Mix together the nuts, cocoa  powder, and grated chocolate. Set aside. With an electric mixer or wire  whisk, beat the 10 egg whites with 1/2 cup sugar to the stiff peak stage.  Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, beat the 10 egg yolks and the remaining  1/2 cup sugar until the mixture forms ribbons when the beaters or whisk is  raised. Gently fold the egg whites and nuts, 1/3 at a time, into the egg  yolk mixture. Do not over mix. Divide the batter between two 9-inch cake  pans (springform recommended) that have been greased and floured or lined  with parchment paper. Bake in a preheated 350 oven for 35 minutes. Remove  the cakes from the pans and cool on a wire rack. Filling: Drain cherries &  set aside. Reserve Kirsch syrup. Melt chocolate in double boiler. Reserve.  With mixer or whisk, whip cream w/ Kirsch & powdered sugar until firm.  Remove 1-1/2 cups of cream to another bowl. Reserve remainder. Gently fold  melted chocolate into 1-1/2 cups of whipped cream. Spoon chocolate cream  into pastry bag w/round tip. Slice 1 cake round horizontally. Brush  w/Kirsch syrup. Pipe on chocolate cream. Arrange 1/2 of cherries at regular  intervals in concentric circles from the perimeter to the center of the  cake. Brush 1 of the other half layers of cake w/ Kirsch syrup. Place on  the layer of filling. Repeat piping of chocolate cream, and distribution of  cherries as in step 2. Place the remaining half-layer of cake on the second  layer of filling. Frost the entire torte with the remaining whipped cream.  Garnish with additional cherries and chocolate shavings.    PHILIPPES    TIME DOES NOT INC. MARINATING    FENDANT, GRAND VIN DU VALAIS, 82    From the <Micro Cookbook Collection of French Recipes>.  Downloaded from  G Internet, G Internet.