Black Eyed Pea and Squash Soup (r T)
Onion, Vegetable oil, Minced Fresh Ginger, Fresh Mushrooms; Note 2, Dried Black-Eyed Peas; Note, Dry mustard, Salt, Butternut Squash; Note 4, Finely Minced Fresh Parsley;, Scallions For Top; Optional, Butter; Plus, Shiitake Mushrooms; Note 3, Garlic, Cider vinegar, Dry Sherry; Or Vermouth, Or, Water, Cinnamon, Fresh Lemon Juice, Black Pepper; To Taste, 
Note 1: soak the peas for at least 4 hrs (or 2 C fresh or frozen/defrosted)    Note 2: domestic mushrooms, stemmed and sliced    Note 3: fresh or dried and soaked, stemmed and thinly sliced    Note 4: 2 lb, peeled and cut into small dice (abt 5 C)    You can cook the black-eyed peas up to several days ahead, if desired. Save  time by preparing the other ingredients while the peas cook.    Place the soaked or fresh black-eyed peas in a saucepan and cover with  water by at least 2". Bring to a boil, turn the heat way down, and simmer,  partially covered, until tender - about 30 min. Drain and set aside.    Melt the butter in a soup pot or Dutch oven. Add the onion, mustard, half  the garlic, half the ginger, and half the salt. Saute over med heat for  about 5 min. Stir in all the mushrooms and saute for a few minutes, then ad  the sherry. Cover and cook over med heat for about 10 min.    Add half the squash and all the water. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat  to a simmer, and cover. Cook for about 10 min, then add the cinnamon, lemon  juice and vinegar along with the black-eyed peas, the remaining garlic,  ginger, squash, and salt. Cover again, and cook over low heat until the  most recently added squash is just tender, about 20 min.    Season liberally with freshly ground black pepper, and taste to see if it  needs more salt. Serve hot, topped with very finely minced parsley and/or  scallions, if desired.    Yield: 6 - 8 servings    Prep Time: 1 hr    NOTES : Cal 226.3 Total Fat 3.6g Sat Fat 1.4g Carb 39.7g Fib 5.3g Pro 10.7g  Sod 945mg CFF 13.7%    Recipe by: Vegetable Heaven, Mollie Katzen    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Reggie Dwork <reggie@reggie.com> on Nov 11,  1998, 