Bos Cowboy Cassoulet*
Ancho chilies, Dried northern beans; cooked, Can tomatoes, Celery stalks, Chicken Stock, Onions, Pepper, Cinnamon sticks, Soaking water, Italian sausage; hot/mild, Trimmed beef stew meat, Salt, Or 3 onions; finely diced, Salt, Ancho chilies; additional, Soaking water, Garlic, Peeled carrots, 
Recipe By : Lou Jane Temple    1. Oven roast 5 lbs. of trimmed beef stew meat. Season with salt and  pepper, 2 cinnamon sticks, a handful of garlic cloves and 2 ancho chilies  soaked in warm water (use the water too). Roast at 375F degrees, 2-3 hours,  until the meat is tender. Cool and refrigerate; then remove the fat that  has congealed on the top.    2. Soak and cook 2 lbs. dried northern beans, adding salt after the beans  are tender. Cool the beans by surrounding the pot with an ice-water bath in  the sink or transferring the hot beans into shallow plastic containers.  Beans are easily soured, so it is important to not put them in the  refrigerator hot. It will take too long for the middle of the pot to cool.    3. Sausage: 3 lbs. hot or mild Italian sausage or a combination of the two.  Prick the sausage with a fork on both sides. Roast 25 minutes at 375  degrees. Cool the sausage and cut into three-inch chunks.    4. Finely dice 2-3 onions, 4 peeled carrots, and 6 celery stalks. Saute  until onions are clear. In a large ovenproof roasting pan, combine the  defatted beef, the beans, sausage and the vegetables. Add 1 large can of  tomatoes, 2 more ancho chilies that have been soaked in warm water, and  enough chicken stock to make the whole mixture very wet.    Do not combine until right before you bake or the beans will absorb the  moisture and the dish will be dry. Top the mixture with toasted bread  crumbs and bake at 350 degrees until the sides are bubbling, the crumbs  have browned and formed a crust, and the middle of the casserole is hot.  Notes: "...cowboy stew... It was kind of an American version of cassoulet,  with White beans sausage and beef and a complex heat Heaven guessed came  from dried chilis. "*Recipe from REVENGE OF THE BARBEQUE QUEENS, a culinary  mystery by Lou Jane Temple, with Heaven Lee, chef, Heaven Cafe. Pat  Hanneman (ed) 9/98 MasterCook    Posted to bbq-digest by muddy@ibm.net on Sep 13, 1998, converted by  MM_Buster v2.0l.