Bolinhos De Bacalhau (Codfish Balls)
Onion, Bayleaf, Peppercorns, Potatoes, Black Pepper, Fresh Parsley, Salt, Vegetable oil, Eggs, Salt Cod, 
The Cook & Kitchen Staff are taking you to four different corners of the  world to serve up a variety of regional holiday specialties. Were starting  our Christmas collection with a brief jaunt to Brazil, where the holidays  are a very festive time of the year.    Skip the snow shovels and frost-painted windows; its summertime south of  the equator, and the average temperature demands that lunch be served on  the beach and or as a picnic in the park. Its the time of the year to  visit with friends and celebrate the coming new year. Todays recipe is  just the sort of appetizer you may find served to guests in a Brazilian  home right now.    Portuguese in origin and deeply rooted in Brazils history, todays recipe  remains an extremely popular dish during the holidays in Brazil. Portuguese  being the language of Brazil means that you can prepare todays recipe and  greet your guests with "Feliz Natal" at the door and put the kids to work  in the kitchen with you as they attempt to produce their best behavior  awaiting a visit for Papai Noel.    Soak salt cod overnight, making sure to rinse and change the water at least  three times. Remove skin and any bones. Cut salt cod into small chunks.    In a large saucepan over medium heat, heat 2 cups of water with the thinly  sliced onion, bayleaf, and peppercorns. Add the cod and an additional 2  cups of water to the saucepan and poach the cod until its no longer  transparent, about 5 minutes after the hot water has returned to a light  rolling boil. (You may elect to refrigerate the cod in the liquid mixture  until youre ready to prepare your Bolinhos de Bacalhau.)    To form the bolinhos, drain the fish and flake it into a large mixing bowl.  Add the mashed potatoes, eggs, salt, pepper, and parsley. Mix well with  freshly cleaned hands or a wooden spoon. Wait about half an hour for the  ingredients to diffuse their flavor and to form the balls. Roll small  portions of the mixture into balls about 1 1/2-inches in diameter.    In a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat, warm oil for frying to  375-F degrees. Fry the cod balls in the oil until golden, and remove to  paper towels to drain excess oil. Serve warm with a cold beverage.    Kitchen Staff Tips: Todays recipe is the most basic version of Bolinhos de  Bacalhau in our recipe files. You may elect to spice up the flavor with a  half-cup of thinly sliced onions, or sweet peppers, or both. This appetizer  is also sometimes prepared with a bit of minced olives or dried tomatoes,  so dont be afraid to add a splash of flavor and color to the potato and  cod mixture before frying. Salt cod may be challenging to find. Try at a  fish specialty market or international specialty store.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Dec 1, 1998, 