Tres Leches (Three Milk Cake)
Rum, Sugar, evaporated milk, Heavy cream, FOR THE CAKE, All-purpose flour, Butter, FOR THE MILK SYRUP, Sugar, Eggs, Vanilla, FOR THE MERINGUE, Vanilla extract, Sweetened condensed milk, milk, Cream of tartar, Baking Powder, Egg whites, Cream of tartar, 
From: Christi Wilson <christi@meaddata.com>    Date: 20 Feb 1994 13:18:08 -0500  TRES LECHES  (Three Milk Cake) (10 servings), The Washington Post, February  6, 1991    Tres leches is the most famous Nicaraguan dessert. Three different kinds of  milk are used in its preparation, hence the name. Universally appealing,  this Nicaraguan dessert has been adopted by many Cuban and other Hispanic  restaurants in Miami. The recipe comes from Los Ranchos.    Prepare the cake. Beat 3/4 cup sugar and the egg yolks until light and  fluffy. Stir in the milk, vanilla extract, flour and baking powder.    Beat the egg whites to soft peaks, adding the cream of tartar after 20  seconds. Gradually add the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and continue beating  until the whites are glossy and firm. Gently fold the whites into the yolk  mixture. Spoon this batter into a 9-by-13-inch greased baking dish.    Bake the cake for 40 to 50 minutes at 350 degrees or until it feels firm  and an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Let the cake cool completely and  unmold onto a large, deep platter. Let cool for 2 hours. Pierce the cake  all over with a fork.    Prepare the milk syrup. Combine the evaporated milk, sweetened condensed  milk, cream and flavorings and whisk until mixed. Pour the syrup over the  cake, spooning the overflow back on top until all is absorbed.    Prepare the meringue. Place all but 2 tablespoons sugar in a heavy saucepan  with 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar and 1/2 cup water. Cook over high heat,  covered, for 2 minutes. Uncover the pan and cook the sugar to the soft ball  stage, 239 degrees on a candy thermometer.    Meanwhile, beat the egg whites to soft peaks with the remaining 1/4  teaspoon cream of tartar. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and  continue beating to stiff peaks. Pour the boiling sugar syrup in a thin  stream into the whites and continue beating until the mixture is cool.    Thickly spread the top and sides of the cake with meringue, using a wet  spatula. Refrigerate the cake for at least 2 hours before serving.    Per serving: 482 calories, 12 gm protein, 71 gm carbohydrates, 18 gm fat,  10 gm saturated fat, 194 mg cholesterol, 199 mg sodium.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /CAKES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.