Traceys Basic Mexican Polenta Pie
Salsa, Shredded lettuce, Green onions; sliced, (15-oz) fatfree refried, Fatfree sour cream, Tomatoes; chopped, -(up to), Cooked polenta, Grated fatfree cheese, 
Date: Thu, 29 Feb 1996 17:57:48 -5600 (PST)    From: Tracey Sconyers <tracey@cse.ucsc.edu>  I just made my favorite polenta recipe last night- the basic idea is to put  all my favorite mexican toppings on a base of polenta, and serve it like a  pie. There are an infinite number of variations on this, but here is my  basic recipe:    Prepare polenta according to package directions. When cooked, pour into a  deep dish 9" glass pie pan (or 8"x8" square pan) and let set at least 20  minutes (I pop it in the fridge).    Once set, spread with refried beans, salsa, and grated cheese, and  microwave until hot (about 4-5 minutes). You could probably also warm this  in the oven.    Cut into slices, and top each slice with sour cream, tomatoes, lettuce, and  onions, and serve. If you have leftovers, store the lettuce and tomatoes  separately from the pie, since they dont tend to reheat well ;)    Variations:    This is my basic recipe, and I almost never make it the same way twice.  Here are some variations that Ive tried or want to try:    1. This is great cold, too-- just skip the reheating step.    2. Its also very good without the cheese and sour cream, though I prefer to  jazz it up with more spices, or with green chili slices when I have it this  way.    3. I usually add extra ingredients to the polenta when I cook it.  My  favorite additions have been: 1/4 c. dried tomato bits and 1/2 4 oz can  diced green chilies; spice it up with chili powder garlic, and cumin (turns  the polenta a rich red color); add 1-2 T. Butter Buds for a richer flavor.  I would also like to try adding frozen corn or hominy as well. Adding stuff  to the polenta has been ok, but not spectacular, so Im still looking for  that magic recipe (Fantastic Foods has a boxed polenta with oil and cheese  thats good, but about 20% fat, if I rememebr correctly).    4. Ive had it with refried black beans (great with green chilis instead of  salsa, and lots of ff sour cream), and also with spiced TVP on top of the  beans (that time I used Lawrys Burrito Seasonings, but Im sure you could  so something healthier ;) Id also like to try a mock chicken version using  slices of seitan, green tomatillo sauce, and ff sour cream. I suppose it  would be good with steamed veggies drizzles with salsa, too.    FATFREE DIGEST V96 #62    From the Fatfree Vegetarian recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.