Assorted Individual Danish (Peggy Cullen)
Jam (raspberry and apricot), Cinnamon sugar, Remonce (cinnamon and plain), Chopped chocolate mixed with, Cheese filling, Recipe Danish dough, Lekvar, Pastry cream, Streusel, FILLINGS, Homemade chunky apple or, Toasted sliced almonds, TOPPINGS, Egg wash (one egg; lightly, Lemon curd (puff tart, 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough  out to a rectangle measuring a little larger than 20 x 10 inches when  relaxed. Brush off any excess flour. Square off the edges with a pizza  cutter. Cut the rectangle into 10 5-inch squares. Spread each with remonce  and/or the filling. Form the pastries. Place on a sheet tray lined with  parchment paper. Proof, in a warm draft-free place, covered with a dish  towel, until they are a little puffy and a finger pressed lightly into the  dough leaves a slight indentation. Brush lightly with egg wash and sprinkle  with sugar or topping. Bake about 20 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on  a rack. While still warm, brush lightly with warm apricot glaze or drizzle  with icing.  Yield: 10 pastries    Pinwheels: Spread with remonce. Sprinkle on some extra cinnamon sugar.  Brush the of the square with egg wash. Cut a slit from each corner almost  into the center, stopping just short of the center. Fold every other tip  into the center, overlapping them, and press firmly. Place on a baking  sheet lined with parchment paper. Proof, covered, about 1/2 hour. Press the  center down with your finger where the tips overlap and fill with 1/2  rounded teaspoon jam or filling. Eggwash, sprinkle with coarse sugar, and  bake about 20 minutes, or until nicely colored.    Envelopes: Spread square with remonce. Sprinkle with finely chopped  chocolate mixed with sugar. Turn the square so that a point is at the top.  Put and elongated mound of about 2 tablespoons of cheese filling from top  to bottom. Egg wash the side corners. Fold one corner over the filling and  press firmly. Fold the other end over the top and press very firmly to  seal. Place on lined baking sheet and proof, covered, about 1/2 hour. Brush  with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar and chopped chocolate. Bake about 20  minutes, or until nicely browned. (Or spread with lemon curd and then  cheese filling and garnish before baking with toasted sliced almonds.)    Cheese pockets: Spread the square with remonce. Place a rounded tablespoon  of cheese filling in the middle of the square. Brush the corners with egg  wash. Fold two opposite sides up and press firmly, as in the envelopes  above. Bring the bottom corner up and press firmly over the fold. Lastly,  bring the top corner up and across the fold and pinch it to seal. Proof,  covered, as above. Egg wash and sprinkle the top with streusel. Bake about  25 minutes, until nicely browned.    Turnovers: Spread with remonce. Place a big dollop of chunky homemade  applesauce or pearsauce on one side of the square. Egg wash the edges and  fold over into a triangle. Press around the edge with a fork to seal.  Proof, etc. Before baking, egg wash and sprinkle with coarse or pearl  sugar.  Recipe By     : BAKERS DOZEN (PEGGY CULLEN) SHOW #BD1A39    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #311    Date: Sat, 23 Nov 1996 22:43:51 -0600    From: Jackie Bordelon <jbord@premier.net>