Aunt Julias Paella
Toes garlic; minced, Carrot, Stalk celery, Peeled shrimp, Jar pimento-stiffed green, Onion; minced, Chicken bouillon cubes, Salt and pepper to thaste, Chicken; cut up (Or 4 thighs, Frozen green peas, Jar sliced pimento, Water, Lean pork; cut into 1-inch, Oil for frying, Bell pepper, Hard boiled eggs; sliced, Unpeeled shrimp (heads on), Cut into 1 1/2 inch julliene, Capers; with juice, Calamari (squid); cleaned, Saffron threads, 
{ Submitted by Chiqui Collier, Cookery NOrleans Restaurant }    In a large electric skillet or paella pan, brown the chicken pieces (that  have been seasoned with salt and pepper) in a little oil. Remove from the  pan. Add the pork cubes to the drippinfs and brown for about 5 minutes.  Remove from the pan. To the pan drippings (add a little more oil if  necessary) add the onion, garlic, bell pepper, celery and carrot. Stir-fry  for 2 minutes.    Add the peas, peeled shrimp, pimentos, capers, chicken, calamari and pork.  Stir.  In a separate pot, bring the 5 cups of water to a boil; stir in the  bouillon cubes and saffron.  Let it stand for 5 minutes until dissolved.    Gently stir the rice into the skillet mixture.  Slowly pour in enough of  the bouillon mixture to cover the rice and chicken pieces. Cover and cook  over low heat for about 20 minutes. Uncover and decoaratively arrange the  egg slices and raw unpeeled shrimp on the top. (Add more broth as necessary  to keep the rice moist.    Cover and steam for another 10 minutes until the shrimp are cooked and the  rice is tender.  (Paella should be moist but not wet!)  Place the pan on a  hot pad on the serving table and let everyone help themselves.    Serve with a mixed green salad, red ripe tomatoes and some French bread.  Also mix up a pitcher of Sangria and enjoy!  Serves: 12.    The Legends of Louisisna Cookbook; Sheila Ainbinder; ISBN 0-671-70817-1    Posted by Fred Peters    Date: Fri, 21 Jun 1996 16:52:21 -0500    From: awilson@tfs.net    MM-Recipes Digest V3 #173    From the MealMaster recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.