Braised Sausages with Polenta (r T)
Olive Oil, Lowfat Parmesan Cheese, Yellow Onion, Garlic, Instant Polenta, Fresh Rosemary, Salt, Whipping cream, Sweet Italian Turkey Sausage, Chopped fresh parsley, Potatoes, Celery, White Wine, Nonfat Veg Chicken Broth;, Black pepper, Carrots, 
In deep fry pan, heat 1 tsp of the oil to very hot and brown sausages as  whole links to seal juices, about 5 min. Remove sausages from pan.    To same pan add all veggies, garlic and 5 tsp olive oil; cook on med-high  heat 5 - 8 min until they reduce and flavors mingle.    Cut sausages into thirds and add back into pan. Also add all the rosemary  and 1 Tbsp parsley. Add the wine and cook for 5 - 8 min until the  wine/liquid has reduced to a syrup consistency.    Add chicken broth, potatoes, pepper and bring to a boil, cover and reduce  to a simmer and cook for 15 min. Then remove cover and continue to cook  another 25 min.    Instant Polenta: In pot, bring water, 1 tsp salt and 1 tsp olive oil to  rolling boil. Add all the Instant Polenta stirring as you add it in a  steady stream. Stir in 1 direction so that it will not lump. Stir  constantly until it thickens and pulls away from the edges of the pot. (If  you are using the cream and parmesan whip it in now.) We didnt use the  whipping cream or Parmesan cheese.    Add the last of the parsley to sausage mixture in the pan to give it color.    Add the potatoes to the sausage mixture. Keep the liquid that the potatoes  were cooked in separate so that each person can put however much they want  into their bowl.    Plate: Put polenta in bottom of each persons bowl. Put sauce over top with  some of the liquid.    Serves 6 as a main dish    This was very, very good!!    Entered into MasterCook and tested for you by Reggie & Jeff Dwork  <reggie@reggie.com>    NOTES : Cal 579.6 Total Fat 13.6% Sat Fat 2.6g Carb 85.7g Fib 8.4g Pro     29.4 g  Sod 952mg CFF 20.9%    Recipe by: Cucina Amore, Nick Stellino    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Reggie Dwork <reggie@reggie.com> on Oct 27,  1998, 