Triple Caress Chocolate Mocha Chocolate Chip Cookies
Chopped pecans or walnuts,, Salt, Pam, or other nonstick, Decaf coffee crystals, Best quality semisweet, Vegetable shortening, such, Baking Powder, Butter, Semisweet chocolate, cutup, Brown sugar, Pure vanilla extract, Unsweetened cocoa (not, Eggs, Unbleached white flour, Sugar, Boiling water, 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine butter, vegetable shortening and  semisweet chocolate in a small saucepan. Heat over low medium until all  ingredients are uniformly melted, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat,  stir again to smooth, and let cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, whip  together at medium high speed for 5 minutes the eggs, brown sugar, and  white sugar. As eggs and sugar beat, make coffee concentrate by placing  decaf in a small bowl and pouring boiling water over it, stirring to  dissolve crystals. Stir in vanilla. After eggs and sugar have been beaten,  add the decaf vanilla mixture, and the reserved melted chocolate mixture.  Beat another 2 minutes. Combine the dry ingredients: flour, baking powder,  salt, and unsweetened cocoa. These ingredients need not be sifted, but they  should be stirred or whisked together well. Remove chocolate mixture from  mixer stand and stir flour cocoa mixture into it by hand. Lastly, stir in  chips and optional nuts. Spray two double insulated style cookie sheets  with Pam. To make ordinary sized cookies (about 3 inches in diameter), drop  batter by rounded teaspoons, about 2 inches apart, onto prepared cookie  sheets. To make the very large cookies about 6 to 8 inches in diameter,  such as we serve at Dairy Hollow House, scoop batter with a 2 1/2-inch ice  cream scoop, 3/8 of a cup capacity. You can get 2 to 3 of the large cookies  on a sheet. (There is no need to "splat" the cookies out with your hand;  they will spread while baking.) Bake small cookies in preheated oven for  about 10 minutes; large will take about 20. Let the cookies cool on sheets  1 minute before transferring to rack  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #338    Recipe by: CHEF DU JOUR CRESCENT DRAGONWAGON SHOW #DJ9336    From: "Ed Bauman" <BIRCHCREEK@msn.com>    Date: Wed, 11 Dec 96 23:32:50 UT