Autumn Celebration Baskets
12-oz canning jars, "Homemade Goodies" labels, Disposable loaf pans, Wicker baskets, Autumn-colored gift bags, Autumn cocktail napkins, Autumn-colored satin ribbon, Clear plastic wrap, "Banana Bread", "Spiced Apple Butter", Autumn-colored tissue paper, "Maple Kisses", Autumn wreath decorations, "Pumpkin Bread", Instant Apple Cider, 
The first day of Fall, September 22, 1996.  Baskets for Mom & Dad R. and  Mom & Dad C.  Bags for Granny & Grandpa, Aunt Lorraine & Uncle Bob, Aunt  Candy & Uncle Bill, Donna & Tom.    Print out 24 2x4 labels that say "Homemade Goodies" in black ink,  preferably using a laser printer: 8 Apple Butter, 8 Pumpkin Bread, 4 Banana  Bread, 4 Maple Fudge, and 4 plain. Use a varying size of the TrueType  Architect font. Decorate specific lables with "kitchen crock" stamp in  black & a different bright color for each type of label. Decorate  unspecified labels with "crock border" stamp in black and dark blue.    Prepare 2 batches of Spiced Apple Butter according to recipe & store in  canning jars according to instructions that came with the jars. Affix Apple  Butter labels to jars.    Prepare Pumpkin Bread according to recipe, except instead of 2 large loaf  pans, use 8 of the small disposable pans.  Remove bread from pans and cool  on wire racks.  When cool, wrap tightly with plastic wrap. Affix Pumpkin  Bread labels across the top of the wrapped bread.    Prepare Banana Bread according to recipe, except instead of 1 large loaf  pan, use 4 of the small disposable pans.  Remove bread from pans and cool  on wire racks.  When cool, wrap tightly with plastic wrap. Affix banana  Bread labels across the top of the wrapped bread.    Prepare Maple Kisses according to recipe, except instead of cooling by  teaspoonfuls, divide hot mixture among the remaining 4 small disposable  pans.  When fudge has cooled, pop it out of the pans and wrap tightly with  plastic wrap.  Affix Maple Fudge labels across the top of the wrapped  fudge.    In the two baskets, assemble 1 each of the napkins, Apple Butter, Pumpkin  Bread, Banana Bread, and Maple Fudge, on a bed of tissue paper. Weave fall  wreath decorations into basket handles.  Make a big bow on top with the  satin ribbon.    In the four bags, assemble 1 Pumpkin Bread, 1 Apple Butter, and 2-3 apple  cider packets among tissue paper.  Decorate the handles with satin ribbon,  and place one of the "crock border" stickers on the front of the bag.    You have 2 of everything left then: one for sampling, and one for company  or to bring in to work.    Source: Lisa Clarke    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #216 by Lisa Clarke <lisa@gaf.com> on Sep  3, 97