Azafran Soup with Spinach Greens and Yellow Cornmeal Dumpli
Salt, Chicken Stock, AZAFRAN SOUP, Yellow summer squash, diced, All purpose flour, Salt, Bunch spinach, washed and, YELLOW CORNMEAL DUMPLINGS, Sugar, Chicken Stock, Corn kernels, Unsalted butter, softened, Azafran (see note), White pepper, Water, White pepper, Baking Powder, Ground yellow cornmeal, 
To make the dumplings, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt,  pepper, and sugar together in a bowl.  Add the butter and milk and mix well  to make a batter that is moist but not sticky.  If the dough is too moist,  knead in a little more flour.  Divide the dough into 1" balls, flatten, and  shape into small triangles.    Pour the chicken stock into a pot and bring to a boil over medium heat.  Reduce the heat to a simmer and drop in the dumplings.  Cook 3 to 4  minutes, until tender and cooked all the way through.  Remove the dumplings  from the stock and set aside.    For the soup, heat 2 cups of the water and the azafran in a large saucepan  over medium-high heat until the liquid has reduced by half, about 7  minutes.  Pour through a fine sieve, discard the azafran, and return the  liquid to the saucepan.  Add salt, pepper, stock, and the remaining 4 cups  of the water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add squash, reduce  the heat ans simmer 5 minutes.  Add cork kernels and simmer another 5  minutes.  Add dumplings and spinach, cook 2 minutes, and serve immediately.    **Note**  Azafran, also called Native American saffron my the American  Indians, is an herb that is actually fine threads from the stigma of the  safflower plant.  Despite the name, azafran is not the same as saffron,  which is an expensive spice derived from the crocus plant in the iris  family.  (Saffron can be substituted for azafran, though: use 1 pinch of  saffran for 2 tablespoons of azafran).    Azafran is commonly sold in Latin American markets and specialty herb  stores.  It can also be ordered by mail.  It is best stored in a cool dark  place and will last several months in a sealed plastic or glass container.    From "Native American Cooking," by Lois Ellen Frank  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on May 25, 98