Tomato Wine
Cloves, Wine yeast, Raisins, Wine yeast, TOMATO; GREEN, Acid blend, Yeast nutrient, Yeast nutrient, Campden tablet; crushed, Sugar, Water, Ginger root; bruised, Sugar, Acid blend, TOMATO; RED, Water, Tannin, Red Tomatoes, Green Tomatoes, Campden tablet; crushed, Tannin, 
I know that the tomato beer thread is a bit stale, but while going through  a winemakers recipe booklet for a fermented fruit cocktail recipe for Judy  I found the following. If you are tempted to try this please keep in mind  that this was published in 1976 before more stringent homebrewing practices  were commonplace. I would stress a good sanitization procedure for the  fermentation vessel and equipment (bleach works great and is cheap) and  either rehydration of the dry yeast or a yeast starter. The sugar could be  replaced with more tomatoes or juice, and the acid blend and tannin may not  be needed. However Im no winemaking expert, I just play one at home. ;>  Any winemakers on the list?    1. wash tomatoes. Remove any bruised portions. Cut into pieces. 2. Using  nylon straining bag, mash and squeeze out juice into primary fermentor.  Keeping all pulp in straining bag, (put ginger root and cloves in bag) tie  top and place in primary. 3. Stir in all other ingrediants EXCEPT yeast.  Cover primary. 4. After 24 hrs, add yeast. Cover primary 5. Stir daily,  check s.g. [specific gravity], and press pulp lightly to aid extraction. 6.  When ferment reaches s.g. of 1.040 (3-5 days) lightly press juice from bag.  Syphon wine off sediment into glass secondary. Attach airlock. 7. When  ferment is complete (S.G. has dropped to 1.000-- about 3 weeks) syphon  [wine] off sediment into clean secondary. Reattach lock. 8. To aid clearing  syphon again in 2 months and again if necessary before bottling.    The wines can be left towards the dry side or you may prefer them sweetened  back slightly. Before bottling add 1/2 tsp Stabilizer, then, add in 1/4 lb  dissolved sugar per gallon."    This recipe makes one gallon of wine. Gives a new meaning to the old  debate: Red or Green?    Chile-relatedness? Id bet the green tomato wine would be enhanced greatly  by the addition of some chiles. Kind of like a spicy, alcoholic V8 drink.  Mmmmmm... good and good for you! ;> Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #087 by  Chris Kaufman <kaufman@biosci.cbs.umn.edu> on Aug 16, 1997