Tomato-Fennel Consomme
olive oil, Croutons; optional, Water, Ripe tomatoes; chopped, Cayenne; to taste (optional), Fennel bulbs, Salt; or less (if using, Onions; cut into chunks, 
Remove the leafy tops from the fennel, and set aside. Cut the bulbs into  chunks. Place them in a food processor with onions, and pulse together  until finely minced. (You can also do this by and.)    Heat the oil in a medium-sized saucepan. Add the chopped onion and fennel  and the salt, and saute over medium heat for about 10 minutes. Lightly  rinse out the food processor bowl and set aside to use again later.    Add the water and tomatoes, and bring to a boil. Cover, lower the heat to a  simmer, and cook for about 20 minutes. (A llitle longer wouldnt hurt. This  is an inexact craft.)    Transfer the soup to the food processor and puree. Carefully strain into a  large-ish bowl (if you plan to serve this cold) or another saucepan (if  youre serving it hot). Dont press too hard on the vegetables, so the  consomme stays clear. Season to taste with cayenne.    Heat or chill the soup, depending upon your taste and the weather. Garnish  each serving with some of the feathery fennel tops, minced into tiny bits  with scissors. You can also float some croutons tons, if you like.    About 6 cups (4 to 6 dainty servings) Preparation time: 45 minutes, plus  longer for chilling, if you want to serve it cold (15 minutes of work) PER  SERVING: 200 cals, 5.1 g fat, 20.0%    ~--- "Although you can successfully make this soup all year long with a  good brand of canned tomatoes. its especially delicious made with fresh  ripe tomatoes at the peak of their season. This soup freezes beautifully.    "The onion and fennel can be prepared a day or two ahead. Chop them  together in a food processor (just a few bursts with the steel blade and  store in a sealed plastic bag in the refrigerator.    "Fennel is a subtle presence that blends perfectly with tomatoes in this  light, clean tasting soup. Serve Tomato-Fennel Consomme hot or chilled;  plain or with a few Croutons floating on top."    kitpath nov 1997    Recipe by: Mollie Katzens Vegetable Heaven (1997)