Tony Romas Got a Hit Contract Out on Me Ribs
Chili powder, Cayenne pepper, Salt, Fresh ground pepper, baby back ribs, Brown sugar, Onion powder, BBQ sauce, Paprika, Garlic powder, 
Combine all dry ingredients in bowl. There will be more of this wonderful  mix than you need. Save it in a zip lock bag in a cool dark place. You can  use it on any pork with wonderful results.    The night before you intend to serve the ribs, coat the ribs in all the  spice mix you can (until it falls off). Place ribs in zip lock bag and put  in refrigerator.    The day you wish to serve the ribs, remove them from the refrigerator seven  hours (thats right 7 hours) before you want to eat and add more spice mix  as above. Preheat your oven to 225 degrees F(THATS RIGHT! TWO HUNDRED AND  TWENTY FIVE DEGREES!). Six hours before serving, place ribs on a shallow  pan and place in oven fat side up. You now have five hours to make side  dishes and goodies to go with your ribs. Use this time wisely. I usually  watch football. After five hours, coat both sides of the ribs with your  favorite sauce. I like Jalapeno-Garlic Bar-b-que sauce, but this is  definitely where you want to use YOUR families favorite. Continue cooking,  adding more sauce in another half hour. After six hours of "low and slow"  cooking, you should be able to pull a nice shiny rib bone right out of the  rack of ribs with no meat attached. This is when they are done. If you  cant do this yet, put on more sauce, continue to cook and tell your family  that the wait will be worth it. It will!    It took me a long time to perfect this method. It is a combination of  common smoking knowledge, a good spice mixture, and a few tasty mistakes. I  hope your family enjoys it as much as mine.    One final note. This REALLY IS FOOTBALL FARE! As a male cook, I plan these  delectable ribs for Sunday night, watch all the football I want, and still  get rave reviews. Biscuits, frozen corn on the cob, baked beans, and a  little potato salad is all it takes to have them howling for more.    Typed for you by: Alaskan Michael  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V4 #272 by Michael McLaughlin  <mmclaughlin@micronet.net> on Oct 16, 1997