Tony Romas Ribs Clone
Tabasco sauce, Ketchup, Barbecue sauce, Onion powder, TONY ROMAS BARBECUE SAUCE, Vinegar, Baby back pork ribs, Garlic powder, Dark corn syrup, Sugar, Salt, 
Ribs: When you buy ribs at the butcher counter, you often get a full rack  of ribs that wont fit on a plate. Usually you have to cut these long racks  in half to get the perfect serving size (about 4 to 6 bones per half rack.)  Youll get 4 such half racks from 2 full racks of ribs.    Preheat the oven to 300? F. Tear off 4 pieces of aluminum foil that are  roughly 6 inches longer than the ribs. Coat the ribs, front and back, with  the barbecue sauce. Place a rack of ribs, one at a time, onto a piece of  foil lengthwise and wrap it tightly.    Place the ribs into the oven, with the seam of the foil wrap facing up.  Cook for 2 to 2 1/2 hours or until you see the meat of the ribs shrinking  back from the cut ends of the bones by about 1/2 inch. This long cooking  time will ensure that the meat is tender.    Toward the end of the cooking time, prepare the barbecue grill. Remove the  ribs from the foil and smother them with additional barbecue sauce. Be sure  to save some of the sauce for later.    Grill the ribs on the hot barbecue for 2 to 4 minutes per side, or just  until you see several spots of charred sauce. Watch for flames and do not  burn.    When the ribs are done, use a sharp knife to slice the meat between each  bone about halfway down. This will make it easier to tear the ribs apart  when they are served. Serve the ribs piping hot with additional sauce on  the side, if desired.    Sauce: Combine all of the ingredients in a saucepan over high heat. Use a  whisk to blend the ingredients until smooth. When the mixture comes to a  boil, reduce the heat and simmer uncovered. In 30 to 45 minutes, when the  mixture thickens, remove it from the heat. If you want a thicker sauce,  heat it longer. If you make the sauce too thick, thin it with more vinegar.    Reprinted in The Sacramento Bee October 15, 1997.    NOTES : If youve got time to marinate the ribs, try it. They are great  when theyve been soaking in this sauce for 24 hours before cooking. Just  prepare the ribs in foil as described in the rib recipe and keep them in  the refrigerator. The next day, place them in the 300? oven, foil and all,  and bake. The sauce also goes well on other cuts of ribs and chicken.    Recipe by: "Top Secret Restaurant Recipes" by Todd Wilbur    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1014 by "Christopher E. Eaves"  <cea260@airmail.net> on Jan 15, 1998