Babka Wielkanocna - Easter Baba
Raisins, Sugar, Lukewarm water, Vanilla extract, Egg yolks, Active Dry Yeast; (2 Pkg), Chopped almonds, Salt, Candied Orange Peels; And, milk, Blanched almond halves, All-purpose flour, Almond extract, Butter, Candied Lemon Peel; Mixed, Bread crumbs, 
(1)  Scald milk and pour into a large bowl.  Slowly add 3/4 cup flour to  the hot milk and beat thoroughly.  Cool. (2) Dissolve yeast in lukewarm  water 5  minutes, then add one spoonful of the sugar and let stand 5  minutes.  Add to cooled milk mixture and beat well. (3) Cover and let rise  until double in bulk. (4) Add salt to egg yolks. Beat until thick and  lemon- coloured (about 5 minutes). Add remaining sugar and extracts and  continue beating. Combine egg mixture with milk mixture, beating  thoroughly.  Add remaining flour and mix well. (5) Knead 10 minutes in  bowl.   Add  butter  and  continue kneading 10 more minutes, or until dough  leaves fingers. Add candied peel, almonds, and raisins. Knead to mix well.  (6)  Let rise until double in bulk.  Punch down and let rise again. Preheat  oven to 350 deg. F. (7) Generously grease a 12-inch fluted tub pan. Press  almond  halves  around  sides  and bottom of pan.  Coat with bread crumbs.  (8)  Punch down dough and  put  into  prepared  pan.   Dough should fill a  third of the pan.  Let rise 1 hour, or until dough fills pan. (9) Bake at  350 deg. F about 50 minutes, or until hollow sounding when tapped on top.    (Makes 1 baba)    RATING Difficulty: moderate. Time: About 3 hours. Precision: Measure the  ingredients.    CONTRIBUTOR Original recipe passed down through the generations and  translated from Polish into English by ?    USENET Cookbook  WIELKANOC-2    Edward Chrzanowski MFCF, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada  echrzanowski@watmath.waterloo.edu  or  {decvax,att,utzoo}!watmath!echrzanowski    From: Patt Bromberger <van-bc!squid.tram.com!patt>  From: Bread-Bakers Archives: ftp.best.com/pub/reggie/archives/bread/recipe