Baby Pies of Chicken, Leek and Morel Mushrooms
Shallots, Fresh tarragon, Egg yolk, Dried morels, Fresh chives, Shortcrust pastry, Heavy Cream, Leeks, Boneless; skinless chicken, Chicken Stock, Riesling wine, Unsalted butter, Seasoning, 
Anthony Tobin (British Chef)    1. Soak the morels in 150ml/ 1/4 pint of boiling water for 30 mins. Place  the stock, tarragon and wine in a pan and bring to the boil. Boil steadily  until the mixture has reduced by two thirds.    2. Stir in the cream and bring back to the boil. Reduce the heat and cook  gently for about 15 mins for a thick coating consistency. Pass the sauce  through muslin. Leave to cool.    3. Melt 15g/ 1/2 oz of the butter in a large frying pan. Add the leeks,  cover and cook gently for 5 mins. Drain morels, add to the pan, cover and  cook for another 5 mins.    4. Melt 15g/ 1/2 oz of the butter in a frying pan, then add the chicken and  fry gently until browned. Add to the leeks and morels. Stir in the chives  and seasoning with enough sauce to moisten the chicken. Reserve the  remaining sauce. Cool.    5. Preheat the oven to 220C/425F/Gas 7. Place four 7.5cm/3in wide x 5cm/2in  high pastry rings on abaking sheet. Roll out the pastry on a floured  surface and use to line the rings. Chill for 20 mins.    6. Line the pastry cases with greaseproof paper and fill with baking beans.  Bake blind for 10 mins and then remove the paper and beans. Fill pastry  cases with the chicken mixture.    7. Roll out the remaining pastry on a lightly floured surface and cut our  the four lids. Dampen the edges with water. Press lids on top of the  filling. Seal well and cut a small hole in the centre of each pie.    8. Bake for 20 mins and then carefully remove the pastry rings. Brush sides  and top of pastry with egg yolk and return to the oven for about 10 mins  until golden brown. Melt the remaining butter and brush over the pies.    9. Place pies in the centre of warmed plates. Serve with piped mashed  potatoes and vegetables. Warm reserved sauce, thinning with stock if  necessary and pour around pies.    Posted to FOODWINE Digest  by Jane OBrien <jayohbee@IOL.IE> on Nov 30,  1997