Tomato Sauce From Scratch -- Italias Recipe
Sweet Peppers; 3 Green, 3, Bushel romano tomatoes, Parsley, Salt And Oil, Celery, Carrots, Head garlic, Basil, Onions, 
Coarsely chop all vegetables except tomatoes. Place in a large pot with  enough oil to coat vegetables and have some extra sitting in the bottom of  the pot. saute 10 min. Set vegetables aside in a dish. Add tomatoes to  large pot with more oil and heat on high until they start to go soft. Keep  stirring the bottom of the pot. Add the vegetables to the tomatoes and keep  stirring. Bring to a boil. Turn down to a strong evenly bubbling simmer.  Sieve the mixture; I used an Italian tomato machine made especially for  this use. Fill sterilized quart jars leaving 1" head space. Can 30 min.    Peg Baldassaris Notes: Italia was an Italian friend in Toronto; her father  was quite the patriot and named her Italia. Very pretty name and a very  nice lady. She made this sauce every year and, as a favor to me, made a  small batch with me one day; I kept the above notes. This is hard  physical labor and I dont advise doing it alone; traditionally it is an  all-day family venture and you would do at least one bushel per household  participating. If you dont have a tomato machine you can use a regular  sieve; it just takes longer. It is crucial to keep stirring the tomatoes  because otherwise whats on top doesnt get cooked enough and whats on the  bottom burns up. Dont leave the pot unattended. Italias family would do  this cooking and canning outside. Before you try this recipe make sure you  have the biggest pot you can find and free up or borrow at least one other  in case you run out of space in the main pot. You can have two pots going  at the same time. A thick-bottomed pot is best. Make sure that your spoon  is taller than your pot. Mine wasnt taller by much and it was very hard to  stir up the bottom of the pot without dipping my fingers into the hot  sauce. Dont have a light hand with or omit the salt and/or oil; they are  necessary for the finished product. Use canola or olive oil and sea salt.    Recipe by: Italia    Posted to recipelu-digest by Peg Baldassari <Baldassari@compuserve.com> on  Mar 16, 1998