Tomato-Fennel Soup W/garlic Croutons and Parmesan Cheese
Vegetable stock, Sugar, French baguette, Dry sherry, garlic, parmesan cheese, Fresh tomatoes, Canned tomatoes, Fennel seed; ground, Yellow onion, Salt, Fennel, tomatoes with juice, Anise seed; ground, garlic, Garlic Croutons:, Carrots, salt and pepper, Anise seed, Fennel seed, 
NOTE: If you are not making your own stock from scratch, increase the anise  seed and fennel seed to be ground by 1/2 teaspoon each, and add 2 cups of  chopped tomatoes when you add your stock made from veggie broth powder or  other means.    Make the stock and keep it warm over low heat.    In a non-stick soup pot, water-saute the onions with 3/4 teaspoon salt, the  anise, and the ground fennel. When the onions are soft, add the garlic,  carrots, and sliced fennel. Cover the pan and cook the vegetables until  they are very tender, about 5 minutes.    Remove the lid, add the sherry, and cook for 1 or 2 minutes, until the pan  is nearly dry. Add the chopped tomatoes (if not already in the stock),  tomato puree, 1 quart stock, and 1/4 teaspoon salt; cover and cook over low  heat for 30 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add a few  pinches of sugar if the soup tastes too acidic. Serve with Garlic Croutons  and freshly grated Parmesan cheese.    Garlic Croutons:    Preheat the oven to 375 F. Lay the slices of baguette on a baking sheet,  spray them lightly with cooking spray (optional), and sprinkle the garlic  on them generously, adding more to taste. I found that pre-chopped garlic  from a jar has enough oil in it that it is perfect to spread on and still  use the absolute minimum oil to achieve the desired result. Bake for about  8 minutes, until the croutons are crisp and lightly browned.    Serving suggestion: Place one crouton in the bottom of a shallow soup bowl,  fill the bowl with soup, and top with 2 or 3 croutons, garlic-side up.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #216    Date: Sun, 25 Aug 1996 20:58:31 -0700    From: Curtis Jackson <cjackson@mv.us.adobe.com>  NOTES : (adapted by Curtis Jackson)