Bacon Cawl with Three Sauces
Flour, Cawl stock & milk mixed, Onion, Salt and pepper, Powdered tumeric, Water, Sugar, VEGETABLES, Swede (rutabaga), Butter, Flour, Collar bacon with rind, Powdered cloves, MUSTARD AND EGG SAUCE, (heaped) chopped parsley, Leeks (or spring onions), SPICED TOMATO KETCHUP, Salt and pepper, Green chili (optional), SAUCES FOR THE MEAT, Chopped parsley, Hard-boiled egg, Cawl stock and milk mixed, Mature carrots, Ripe tomatoes, PARSLEYANDCHIVE SAUCE, THE CAWL, Potatoes, Dry mustard powder, Malt vinegar, Butter, (heaped) chopped chives, Vinegar, Ground ginger, 
Wash the joint to remove surface blood.  Put the meat into a large clean  pan and cover well with water. Bring to the boil, then turn the heat down,  cover with lid and simmer for 2 hours. Top up if the water sinks below the  level of the meat - at the end of the cooking you should have 2 pints of  liquor.  Leave it to cool, meat and all, and lift off the white hat of  grease (it makes good dripping after heating gently to drive off the  water).  Some families like the fat left in.    Prepare the vegetables - scrub, peel and cut them into bite-sized chunks as  appropriate.  Wash and slice the leeks into 1/2-inch rings. Then make the  sauces.    For the MUSTARD AND EGG SAUCE: Melt 1 oz butter in a small pan. When it  froths, sprinkle in the flour and fry for a moment until mixture is sandy.  Stir in the mustard powder and tumeric and immediately whisk in the broth  and milk.  Whisk till the mixture thickens. Chop the egg and stir in.  Finish with the vinegar and beat in the extra ounce of butter. Taste and  add salt and pepper.    For the SPICED TOMATO KETCHUP: Chop the tomatoes, skin and chop the onion.  Put all the ingredients except the optional chili into a lidded saucepan.  Bring to the boil, turn down the heat, leave to simmer gently for 30  minutes.  Push the contents of the pan and boil it fiercely for a few  minutes.  Taste and adjust the seasoning. Serve either hot or cold. Finish  with a few slices of deseeded chili if you like it hot.    For the PARSLEY-AND-CHIVE SAUCE: Melt the butter in a small pan, stir in  the flour and let it cool for a moment. Whisk in the liquid gradually and  stir over the heat until the mixture thickens. Mix in the herbs, taste and  add salt and pepper.  Reheat the meat in its broth (the cawl). Remove the  meat and keep it warm while you cook the root vegetables in the broth. Five  minutes before you are ready to serve, add the leeks. While the vegetables  simmer, plain-boil the potatoes separately. Stir the chopped parsley into  the soup just before you bring it to table.    As a second course, serve the meat with the potatoes, and the three sauces.    Source: Elisabeth Luard in "Country Living" (British), April 1989. Typed  for you by Karen Mintzias    