Torta Montezuma, Montezumas Sandwich
Garlic, Eggs, Cooking oil to fry tortillas, Asadero cheese or mozzarella, Chicken breast; boneless and, olive oil, Poblano chiles; peeled,, Onion; chopped, about 1-1/2, Salt, Corn tortillas, Tomatoes; peeled, seeded,, Dry white wine, Shredded lettuce and chopped, 
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat a skillet over medium-high to high  heat, add 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, and saute the chicken until it is  turning golden brown on both sides. Turn the heat to low, add the wine,  cover and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 3 to 5 minutes  or more, depending on the thickness of the chicken. Remove the pan from the  heat and when the chicken is cool enough to handle, shred it, reserving the  pan juices.    Heat a saucepan over medium heat, add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive  oil, and saute the onions until they are just golden brown, being careful  not to scorch them. Add the garlic and continue cooking for 1 minute. Add  the chiles, reserved pan juices from the chicken, and the tomatoes. Cook  until the chiles are soft and the sauce has begun to thicken, about 5  minutes or more depending on the water content of the tomatoes. Then, add  the salt, remove the pan from the heat, and stir in the shredded chicken.    Pour 1/2 inch cooking oil into a skillet just large enough to accommodate  the tortillas. Heat the oil until a drop of water sputters immediately One  at a time, using kitchen tongs, dip the tortillas into the beaten egg,  drain well, and fry to soften the tortillas and cook the egg, turning once.  This should take just a be seconds on each side. The tortillas will be very  soft so be careful not to tear them. Drain the fried tortillas on absorbent  towels.    To assemble the tortas, place one cooked tortilla on each of 4 ovenproof  serving plates.  Top each tortilla with a little of the chicken /vegetable  filling, then sprinkle on some cheese.  Add the second and third tortilla  and fillings in the same manner so that the third tortilla is topped with  the remaining chicken/vegetable filling and cheese. Bake the tortas until  the cheese is melted and turning golden on the top, about 8 minutes. Serve  garnished with shredded lettuce and chopped tomato. Typos by Brenda Adams  <adamsfmle@aol.com>  Recipe By     : James W. Peyton, El Norte, The Cuisine of Northern Mexico    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #248    Date: Thu, 17 Oct 1996 01:00:06 -0400    From: ADAMSFMLE@aol.com    NOTES : "More like stacked enchiladas than a sandwich this recipe from  Marcella Widdoes, restraunteur, who lives in Saltillo is one of the most    interesting northern recipes I have found."