Tortillas De Maiz Pt 1
NIXTAMAL, Masa harina reconstituted, Dried field corn, Powdered slaked lime, Warm water (up to 1.5), or, Water, TORTILLAS DE MAIZ, Fresh masa for tortillas, 
To make fresh masa, you first need to make nixtamal.    Nixtamal is dried field corn soaked in, and heated in, a solution of slaked  lime and water. Slaked lime, calcium hydroxide, is generally available in  the form of "builders lime" -- not to be confused with unslaked lime,  calcium oxide. Unslaked lime cant be used for making nixtamal unless you  slake it first by adding it to water, allowing it to bubble and then stand  for a bit, and then using the WATER for processing the dried corn. Its the  lime, by the way, that contributes to the unique taste and texture of corn  tortillas. After the corn has soaked for the required length of time  (depending on whether making nixtamal for masa or pozole), its rinsed to  remove the lime and then rubbed to remove the husks.  Nixtamal: Mix lime and water in a large, non reactive (enamel or stainless  steel) pot. Place pot over high heat and stir until lime is disolved. Add  corn and, stiring occasionally, bring to a boil. If making nixtamal for  masa to make tortillas, boil for a couple of minutes, remove from heat,  cover and let soak overnight. If making nixtamal to make masa for tamales,  boil for about 15 minutes, remove from heat, cover and let soak for a  couple of hours. If making nixtamal for pozole, boil for 15 minutes and let  soak for another 5 to 10 minutes. After soaking for the desired length of  time, rinse the corn in a colander to remove all traces of the lime while  rubbing the kernals to remove the softened hulls. Once cleaned, the  nixtamal can then be ground into masa or left whole to be further simmered  until tender to make hominy for pozole or menudo.    Making tortillas using fresh masa or masa harina...    Masa harina is fresh masa thats been dried and then ground into a  flour-like consistency, to make masa harina you must first make masa. Masa  harina is similar to, but not the same as, fine ground cornmeal. Trying to  make corn tortillas out of regular cornmeal, even finely ground, would  probably be unsatisfying. I suppose it would be possible to make nixtamal  for tortillas, grind it into masa, dry it, grind it again and then  re-hydrate it to make tortillas. But why not just make fresh masa from  nixtamal and then make tortillas with it. Both nixtamal and masa can be  frozen for later use.    If you wanted to be authentic, you could use a metate (a flat stone made  from lava rock) and mano (sorta like a flattened, oval shaped rolling pin  also made from lava rock) to grind the corn into masa...but a plate-style  grain mill is a lot easier. My hand cranked Corona brand does double  duty...I not only use it for masa but also for grinding grain, malted  barley and other specialty malts for homebrewing. For tortilla dough, you  need to adjust the plates for a fine grind to come up with a smooth dough  that isnt grity. Tamales can be made from masa ground a little coarser  allowing the use of a food processor if a plate mill isnt available. It  might be possible to use a food processor for tortilla dough, but I doubt  you would end up with the smooth consistency desirable for tortillas. After  the nixtamal has been put through the mill, water should be worked into the  masa as needed to make a medium-soft consistency dough. Hand-patting  tortilla dough is an art in itself and the necessary skill takes a long  time to learn (I tried it, but gave up out of frustration). A rolling pin  can be used, but a tortilla press works better. I have both a cast iron and  an aluminum press, but I dont see why one couldnt use a couple pieces of  hardwood and a hinge to fabricate a viable substitute for a storebought  press.  Tortillas de Maiz: Gradually knead the masa into a smooth consistency,  pushing with the heal of the hand (3 to 5 minutes should be sufficient  depending on whether using fresh masa or reconstitued masa harina). Wrap  the dough in wax paper or plastic wrap to keep it from drying out. Place a  comal or heavy frying pan over medium-high heat. Break off a piece of the  dough about the size of a golf ball and pat it a few times to partially  flatten it.    continued in part 2