Tomato Vegetable Soup
Cans Italian Style tomatoes, Water - 8 c water, Onions chopped fine, Celery, chopped fine, Vegetables of choice, 
Boil the above on high for at least 10 minutes.  You can chop the tomatoes  in the blender, or break them up with a spoon. I like to squish them in my  hands. gets out frustration. (i usually put the seasoning in at this point.  see below)    Add pre-cooked beans (whatever you think will taste good) to the above  mixture. you can use canned, but I like the dried beans better. I prefer a  nine-bean soup variety thats locally available. Not sure if its available  everywhere.    Add vegetables to the above according to your tastes.  Be sure to add them  according to cooking time.  No set amounts.  Add them and stir.  If it  looks good, go with it. If it looks like it needs more, toss some more in.    I use:    Potatoes, cubed (makes the base nice and thick) corn zucchini summer squash  (go easy...add it late or itll take over...i dont use it if im making it  for just us cause theres always leftovers and the cabbage flavor gets  stronger the longer it sits.) cabbage    youd think carrots would taste good, but their flavor took over and it was  barely palatable.  could just be my taste, though.  same with broccoli and  cauliflower.    I season it with Oregano and Black pepper, and occasionally garlic, but go  easy with this. could make it taste bitter.    We used to sprinkle parmesan cheese on it and serve with crusty bread. now  we dont use the parmesan, but ive been known to sprinkle nutritional  yeast on the top.    note:  if the soup gets thicker than you want it, add water, but add it  slowly. itll thin out, and so will the flavor. If you do add water toward  the end, be sure to let it stew for a while longer.    From: JOHNH@NORWICH.BITNET. Fatfree Digest [Volume 8 Issue 57] June 18,  1994 Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/fatfreex.zip