Torta Di Castagne
Sugar, Canned sweetened chestnut, Dark rum, Double (heavy) cream, Marron glaces to decorate, Butter, Salt, Eggs, -(up to), Plain flour, 
From: viv@tauon.ph.unimelb.edu.au (Viviane Buzzi)    Date: 24 Dec 1994 00:22:16 -0500    from "Patisserie of Italy" by Jeni Wright.    Very moist and rummy, more like a pudding than a cake. Without the cream  filling and topping can be made up to 1 week in advance..after cooling,  wrap it tightly and store in an airtight tin. Once the cake has been  assembled with the cream it should be kept in the fridge. Allow it to come  to room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving so that the full  flavour of the cake can be savoured. Serves 8 - 10    Grease a 22cm/8.5inch springform cake tin. Line the bottom with nonstick  baking paper, then grease the paper. Preheat the oven to 180C/350F.  Sift  the flour and salt into a bowl and set aside. In a separate bowl, beat the  butter and 175g sugar until light and fluffy, then beat in 250g of the  chestnut puree a little at a time, alternating with the egg yolks. Fold in  the flour until evenly incorporated.    In a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until stiff, then fold into the  cake mixture until evenly incorporated. Turn the mixture into the prepared  cake tin, level the surface and bake for 1 hour or until a skewer inserted  into the centre comes our clean. Remove the cake from the oven and pierce  holes in the top with a fine skewer, then pour over 4 tbsp of the rum.  Leave the cake in the tin until completely cold. It may crack and flatten  slightly on cooling...this is normal.    Remove the cake from the tin and slice into 2 layers. Whip the cream with  the remaining chestnut puree, sugar and rum. Place on cake on a plate and  spread with some of the cream mixture. Top with the other layer and swirl  over the remaining cream mixture. Decorate with the marrons glaces.    My note: This looks nice decorated with chocolate rose leaves too.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /MISC    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.