Tortilla Soup - Cancun Style
6" dia corn Tortillas; *, Water, Salt, Ripe red tomatoes; chopped, Basil Leaves; fresh OR, Hungarian paprika, Monterey jack cheese; grated, Garlic puree, Hungarian Wax or Jalapeno, Pepper; black, freshly, Onion; rough chopped, Vegetable oil, GARNISH, Frying chicken; cut up, Vegetable oil, Dried basil flakes, CHIPS, Haas Avocado; peeled and, Lime or lemon juice; freshly, Anaheim pepper; seeded,, Bay leaves; fresh, 
* Corn Tortillas should be cut into 1/2-inch strips.    Brown the chicken in two non-stick skillets in 2 tablespoons of olive or  peanut oil until golden brown. Do not burn the chicken or the drippings in  the pan.    While chicken is browning, saute the onions and garlic in a little oil  until translucent. Transfer to stock pot.    When chicken is browned, transfer chicken and chicken fat to the stock pot.  Deglaze the skillets with some of the water and transfer to the stock pot.  Add the remaining water, the chicken broth, basil leaves, paprika, and  chiles. Add salt and pepper. Cover the pot and simmer for 2 hours.    Remove chicken pieces and debone the meat. Put the stock through a strainer  and discard all solids that are not good chicken meat. Chop the chicken  into 1/4" chunks and return to stock pot along with the chopped tomatoes.    Skim as much of the chicken fat off surface of soup as possible and  discard. Or put soup in refrigerator overnight and remove crystallized fat  and discard.    Heat the frying oil in a 10-inch skillet until hot.    Cook tortilla strips a few at a time in oil until light golden brown, 30 to  60 seconds; drain on paper towels.    Store-bought tortilla can be substituted but use restaurant style.    Serving:    Place a handful of tortilla strips in a bowl and pour hot soup over  tortilla strips. Give each bowl of soup a dash of lime/lemon juice, as much  as a teaspoon. Top each bowl of soup with some of the grated cheese and a  few avocado slices.    Recipe by: Bill Wight    Posted to bbq-digest by wight@odc.net on Apr 24, 1998