Torta Rustica
Sugar, Parmesan; grate, Parmesan; grate, Frozen chopped spinach; thaw, Sliced Genoa salami;, Plum tomatoes; seed; dice, DOUGH, Salt, FILLING, Fresh basil; julienne, Warm water; (105-115~), Eggs, Mozzarella cheese; dice fine, Unsifted all-purpose flour, Fresh ground pepper, Egg, Oil for greasing pan, Active dry yeast, Asiago cheese; grate, Part-skim ricotta cheese, olive oil, 
DOUGH-In small glass measure, combine the water, yeast and sugar; mix well.  Let sit 4 minutes or until foamy. Add eggs and oil to yeast mixture; with  fork, mix well. In food processor, combine flour, salt and Parmesan; with  machine running, pour in yeast mixture through feed tube. Process until  dough forms a ball. Process 1 minute to knead. Flour large plastic food  storage bag; add dough. Seal bag; place in bowl. Let dough rise in warm  place 1 hour or until doubled in bulk. FILLING-Squeeze spinach dry. In  medium bowl, combine spinach, ricotta, 1/2 c Asiago cheese, Parmesan,  basil, pepper and half the beaten egg; mix well. With oil, generously  grease 13" pizza pan. Punch down dough. Set aside 1/2 c dough. On floured  surface, roll remaining dough to a 14" round. Drape over rolling pin and  unroll onto pan (dough will drape over edges of pan.) Sprinkle salami over  dough, leaving 2" from edges uncovered. Evenly spread ricotta mixture over  salami; sprinkle with remaining Asiago. Sprinkle with mozzarella and  tomatoes. Divide reserved dough into 6 equal pieces. Roll each to a 10"  rope; lay ropes across filling and crimp to make a lattice. Fold dough up  onto filling and crimp to make a raised edge similar to pie edge. Side of  torta should be about 2" high. (Torta will look like a basket.) Brush  lattice and edge of dough with reserved egg. Bake torta 25 to 30 minutes or  until well browned. Cool in pan on rack 10 minutes. Carefully slide torta  off pan onto rack. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature. 259 cal 13  gr fat; 45% fat. Source: McCall Magazine.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on Apr 06,  1998