Broccoli, Mushroom and Double Cheese Quiche
Crust, All-purpose flour, Salt, chilled butter, Cold water, FILLING, Eggs, Cream, Gruyere cheese, Broccoli, Emanthaler Cheese, Mushrooms, Shallot, Vegetable oil,  equipment:  9" pie pan ,  equipment: pastry fork , 
1. To prepare the crust, in a large bowl, mix together the flour and salt.  Using a pastry blender, pastry fork or even 2 knives, cut the butter into the flour/salt mixture until coarse crumbs form.  The key here is to NOT let the warmth of your hands make the butter too melted.  Keep it cold!  Even pop it back in the fridge for 15-20 minutes if you feel it getting too warm, slippery, or melted in any way.    2. Add icewater, 1 tablespoon at a time to the dough mixture, cutting and tossing with a fork or pastry fork, until a dough  forms. Shape into a disk about 1/2" thick and 5-6" in diameter, wrap in plastic wrap, and chill in refrigerator for 30 minutes.      3. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.   On a lightly floured surface, using a lightly floured rolling pin, roll the  dough into 11-inch circle. Fit into a 9-inch pie pan. Trim edge, leaving  1/4-inch overhang.   Fold under to form standup edge. Prick dough with a  fork. Line with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans.      4. Bake for 12 minutes. Remove the foil and weights. Bake until lightly  golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.      5. Meanwhile, prepare filling. In a medium skillet, melt the butter and cook the shallots for 1-2 minutes over  medium heat, then add broccoli, up to 1 tablespoon vegetable oil if necessary, and sliced mushrooms.  Add ground pepper and salt to taste.  Transfer to a paper-towel-lined bowl to drain.    (Too much liquid will make your final product too soggy.)  6. In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, salt and pepper to taste.  Add the grated gruyere and Emanthaler cheese to the egg mixture.    7.  Add the mushroom/broccoli mixture to the pie crust, spread evenly, and pour the egg/cheese mixture over the top to coat.  Bake until golden and custard is set, about 30  minutes.   Serve warm.    