Torta Di Zucchini Alla Genovese
Grated parmigiano-reggiano, Crust, Baking Powder, FILLING, Unbleached flour, Salt, Sweet onion; about 8 ounces, Cloves garlic; finely minced, Salt and pepper, Fresh basil; rinsed, dried,, Salted water, Eggs, Eggs, olive oil, olive oil, Long grain or arborio rice, Water, Young; tender zucchini, Sugar, 
(Ligurian Rice And Zucchini Tart)    For the dough, combine dry ingredients in food processor and pulse twice to  mix. Add oil and eggs and water; pulse until the mixture forms a dough that  revolves on the blade. Remove dough    from bowl, press into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate while  preparing filling.    For filling, rinse and drain the zucchini; shred it in the food processor  or with a hand grater. Bring 1 quart water to a boil over medium heat, add  salt, then rice. Cook rice about 12 minutes, until just tender. Drain,  rinse and cool rice.    Peel and slice onion. Heat oil in a shallow pan and add onion. Cook gently  until onion is wilted and becoming transparent. Add zucchini and cook about  5 minutes, to cook through and evaporate excess moisture. Add garlic and  cook only 1 or 2 minutes longer to avoid burning garlic. Pour into a bowl,  add rice and cool. Stir in remaining ingredients in order.    Preheat oven to 400 degrees and set a rack in the lower third. On a floured  surface roll half of the dough and line an 11-or 12-inch tart pan with it.  Leave some dough over the rim of the pan. Spread filling in pan and moisten  overhanging dough with water. Roll remaining dough to a 12- or 13-inch disk  and place over filling. Press dough together at rim of pan and press again  to remove excess dough. Cut several rough slashes in top crust for vent  holes and bake about 30 to 40 minutes, until dough is well colored and  filling is set. Cool on a rack and unmold. Serve warm or at room  temperature. Refrigerate leftovers.    Yield: one 12-inch tart    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL8926 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #720 by  "Angele and Jon Freeman" <jfreeman@netusa1.net> on Aug 4, 1997