Tom Yam Pla Krop (Crispy Fish Soup)
(thin) kha (galangal), Prik chi fa haeng (dried red, Stalks takrai (lemon grass, Hom daeng (shallots - purple, -(up to), Kratiem (cloves garlic -, 1/2-pound catfish, Nam som makham (tamarind, Nam pla (fish sauce), (thin) khing (ginger), -(up to), 
Date: Thu, 09 May 1996 13:39:02 -0700    From: "Colonel I. F. K. Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>  This isnt a crispy soup, its a soup made with crispy fish.  Specifically  pla krop (pronounced  plah grob with the o in krop being something  between a short o sound an a au sound (a bit like saying crab when you  have a very nasal cold)) is deep fried catfish. The catfish is fried whole  in very hot oil (smoking peanut oil), so the usual cautions and caveats  apply. Also for the proper flavor it should be fried with the head on - in  Thailand it is fried before it is cleaned and trimmed for the second stage  of cooking. You may of course clean and fillet the fish first. The very hot  oil ensures that only the outside of the fish is crunchy-crisp, and the  inside is not reduced to concrete hardness! If you prefer this dish can be  made with salmon, trout, or sea bass.    1. Deep fry the catfish whole in very hot oil until the skin is very crisp.  Remove and drain.  When cool enough to handle, remove the head and the tail  (dont waste it - it can be added to your fish stock pot, or fed to the  cat), then break the rest into large bite sized pieces, discarding the  major bones.    2. on a grill or barbeque, grill the galangal, ginger, shallots, jalapenas,  garlic and lemon grass until slightly charred.  discard the skins, and  chop, then pound to a paste in a mortar and pestle or a food processor.    3. Bring about 3 cups of water to a rolling boil, and add the ingredients,  after one minute lower the heat to a simmer, cover and simmer for about 20  minutes.  Taste and adjust the seasoning.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V2 #315    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.