Tofu Broccoli Stroganoff
Garlic, Mushrooms; medium sliced, Butter, Ponzu sauce, Canola oil, Extra firm tofu, Light cream cheese, Onion; sliced, Noodles (your choice of wide, Bunch broccoli, Soy sauce, Garlic, Pine nuts (more if you can, Sweet red peppers, 
Roast the Red Peppers (at least a day in advance):    1. Cut the red peppers in half, seed them, and broil them till soft,  turning them occasionally. Dont let the meat burn! Remove skins once they  cool.    2. Store in a closed container in the refrigerator for at least a day.    Broil the Tofu (can be done in advance):    1. Slice the firm tofu into thin slices and place them in a single layer of  a large baking dish.    2. Make a marinade by blending together the ponzu sauce, soy sauce, crushed  garlic, 1/2 roasted pepper, 1 T of the juice expressed by the peppers, and      1/4    cup of water.    3. Pour over the tofu and let sit for 2 hours or so.    4. Put the baking dish in the oven and broil fairly near the heat until the  sauce is bubbling nicely.    5. Remove from oven, put 2 T of the marinade from the dish aside, and  return the tofu (with the rest of the marinade still in it) to the oven.    6. Broil till dry on top.  Turn over tofu and broil till again dry on top.  Continue doing this till thoroughly dry, but do not let the tofu burn!  Divide each slice of tofu in 2 or 3 pieces, and set aside. This can be done  in advance.    Make Broccoli Mixture:    1. Break up the broccoli florets, and peel and slice the stems.  Add to a  frying pan with the sliced onions, and 3 cloves of minced garlic.  Fry in a  small amount of canola oil until the onions are soft and the broccoli is  slightly tender yet still bright green.  Remove to a bowl with all liquid.  Dontt wash the frying pan (youll use it in a minute for the mushrooms).    2. Cut the remaining 2 1/2 red peppers into strips and add to the broccoli  mixture in the bowl along with the remaining juices expressed by the  peppers.    3. Add the reserved 2 T of the tofu marinade, mix well, and set aside.    Prepare Pine Nuts & Mushrooms:    1. Toast the pine nuts till just browned.    2. Put the sliced mushrooms and 3 cloves minced garlic in the frying pan  with the 1 t butter and a little canola oil and fry till the mushrooms are  ready.    Assemble:    1. Mix the cream cheese in a bowl along with all the liquid from the  broccoli mixture. Soften if necessary in the microwave or a pan, in order  to get a smooth creamy mixture.    2. Cook the noodles.  I like soba, but wide egg noodles work also.    3. Heat the tofu in the oven or microwave till warm.    4. Combine the cream cheese mixture with the mushrooms in the frying pan,  and add the brocooli mixture and pinenuts. Mix thoroughly, then cook over  medium heat till thoroughly heated.    5. Carefully mix in tofu, and serve immediately over noodles.    ELLIS@OSF.ORG (ELLIS S. COHEN)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.