Bajan Black Bean Soup
Water; up To 3.5, olive oil, Onions; up To 3, Creme fraiche or sour cream, Ham hocks; Or 2 small, Dried black beans; soaked, Garlic, Berries allspice coarsely, Fresh green peppers;, Tomato paste, Brown sugar; (or 1 t of, 
Salt Grated rind and juice from one lemon    Put the drained beans and hock in a very large pan, cover with the cold  water and bring gradually to a boil. Leave to simmer while you prepare the  other ingredients.    In a frying pan heat the olive oil, then gently fry the onion, garlic and  chili with the allspice and lemon rind, stirring occasionally, until the  onions are translucent. Add this mixture to the beans and go on simmering  for 2 hours, by which time the beans should be tender. At this point add  the sugar, lemon juice, and tomato puree. Cook for another 30 minutes. Add  salt if necessary.    Remove the hock, and pick off any meat. If you would like a smooth soup, as  mine (the author) was, process the mixture in batches and return with the  meat to the pan. Otherwise, for a rougher texture crush with a potato  masher. If the mixture seems too thick at this stage, add more water and  bring back to the boil for a minute or two.    Ladle the soup into bowls, with a spoonful or two of cream stirred in, and  serve with a crusty bread.    If you are feeling lavish, a couple of spoons of dark rum added towards the  end give a Bajan fillip.    NOTES : Arriving stiff and crumpled inside and out after an eleven hour  flight, this was my first taste of Bajan Cooking, and I ate it late at  night trying to imagine the sea beyond a dark frieze of langourous palms.  Dense but smooth, with a snap of chili, the soup was both homely and  exotic, and very restoring. Barbados produces splendid ham and bacon, and a  ham stock is what makes this different from other Carribean variants. Or,  as here, use a hock, soaked first to remove some salt. >From a book called  FOOD MAGIC by Jocasta Innes. Posted by Troy Wade. Courtesy of Fred Peters.  Recipe by: FOOD MAGIC by Jocasta Innes    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Christopher E. Eaves" <cea260@airmail.net> on  Feb 25, 1998