Baked Artichokes with Crispy Stuffing (Tuscan)
Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Chopped fresh parsley, fresh parsley, Plain bread crumbs, Lemon, Unsalted butter, salt and pepper, Asiago cheese, Artichokes, Dry white wine, Potatoes, Fresh rosemary leaves, 
1. Remove the tough outer leaves of the artichokes and, using scissors, cut  the spines from the remaining leaves. Remove the stems, cutting at such an  angle that the artichoke can stand up. Rub cut edges with lemon.    2. Place the artichokes in a pot large enough to hold them in one layer.  Drizzle 2 tablespoons of the oil over the top and pour in the wine as well  as enough water to reach a depth of 1/2 inch. Add the sprigs of parsley,  season with salt and pepper, cover, and cook over medium heat for 30-40  minutes or until the artichokes seem tender when pierced with a fork.    3. Meanwhile, place 2 tablespoons of oil in a skillet along with the  butter. When hot, add the potatoes and cook over medium heat, stirring  frequently until the potatoes are golden brown on all sides. Sprinkle with  the rosemary, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat.    4. When the artichokes are done, remove them with tongs and discard the  liquid. Using a teaspoon or a paring knife, excavate the choke so that the  centers are hollow and ready for stuffing.    5. Heat the broiler. Fill the artichokes with the potatoes and place in a  baking pan. Combine the parsley, cheese, and bread crumbs and sprinkle over  the potatoes with a generous dusting of black pepper. Drizzle the remaining  oil over the top and broiler until the tops are lightly browned.    SERVES 4 after 90 mins and moderate difficulty. If half the oil is  consumed: mc-PER SERVING 42% cff: 402cals; 19g fat    VARIATION. If you can find garlic mustard, add 5 tablespoons, chopped, to  the cooked potatoes in Step 3.    MAKE AHEAD: The potatoes can be fried 1 day in advance and refrigerated.    >"Carciofi Stufati con Ripieno Croccante," From SOLO VERDURA, by Anne  Bianchi (Ecco, 1997). >Edited by Pat Hanneman 3/98    Notes: If you too have grown bored with the usual stuffing for artichokes,  try this elaboration: potato-stuffed artichokes with gratinated topping. -  ~pat    Recipe by: SOLO VERDURA, by Anne Bianchi    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 26,  1998