Bagels #6
Unbleached all-purpose flour, Non-diastatic malt powder, WATER BATH, Active dry yeast, Water, Sugar, Non-diastatic malt powder, Warm water, Sugar, Salt, 
From:    Debra Widera <widera@ADMIN.UNR.EDU>    Date:    Thu, 8 Aug 1996 11:34:27 -0700  Directions--Conventional method (if using a bread machine, put in  ingredients in order specified by machine manufacturer)    In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast in the warm water. Stir in the malt and  sugar, then the salt and flour. Knead the dough til smooth (by hand, mixer  or machine). Shape the dough into a ball, place it in a lightly greased  bowl covered with lightly greased plastic wrap (I use an inverted plate)  and allow to rise til doubled in bulk, 1 to 1 1/2 hours (this is the "Dough  Cycle" on the bread machine)    When the dough has risen, punch it down and transfer it to a lightly  greased work surface. Put the water for the bath into a large, shallow  pan--the water should be about 3 inches deep (I use a stock- pot & the  water is usually about 6 in. deep)--and add the malt and sugar. Bring the  water to a boil while youre shaping the bagels.    Divide the dough into 16 pieces. Working with one piece of dough at a time,  shape it into a ball, poke a hole through the center with your index  finger, and work into a hole; the dough will form a ring. Place the bagels  on a parchment-lined, lightly greased or cornmeal-sprinkled baking sheet as  you shape them. Boil immediately (*dont* let them rise a second time--they  tend to totally collapse when they get boiled if you do).    Reduce the boiling water bath to a very gentle simmer. Gently transfer the  bagels, 3 or 4 at a time, to the water bath; dont crowd them. Simmer them  for about 30 sec. on each side, then return to the baking sheet.    Bake the bagels in a preheated 425 deg. oven for 20 min. or until theyre a  deep golden brown. Yield 16-20 bagels, depending on size.    Options: After boiling, but before baking, brush bagels with an egg-&-water  wash & sprinkle poppy seeds, caraway seeds, sesame seeds, coarse salt,  dehydrated onion, etc.    For flavored bagels (like onion, rye or garlic) add ingredients to the  dough before kneading. Bits of cooked spinach or fresh chive or garlic,  diced onions, cinnamon and raisins are all popular.    EAT-L Digest  7 August 96    From the EAT-L recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.