Bacon Wrapped Monkfish Served Peasant Style
Monkfish tails -; (8 oz ea), Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, Olive oil; for drizzling, Balsamic vinegar, Eggplant -; (ea 1" thk, Garlic, Queen stuffed olives; halved, Hot mashed potatoes, Minced onions, Peeled; seeded, chopped Roma, Hot parsnip puree, Yellow squash -; (ea 1" thk, Parsnips; peeled, and cut, Veal stock, Chiffonade-cut basil, Raw bacon, Salt, Pitted black olives; halved, Zucchini -; (ea 1" thk, Shallots, Black Pepper, 
* Note: See the "Emerils Essence Information" recipe which is included in  this collection.    Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Preheat the fryer.    Season the monkfish with Emerils Essence. Wrap three pieces of the bacon  tightly around each piece of monkfish. In a large oven-proof saute pan,  heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the wrapped  monkfish and sear the fish for 2 minutes on the first side. Flip the  monkfish over and place the pan in the oven and roast for 6 to 8 minutes.    Season the sliced vegetables with olive oil and Essence. Place the  vegetables on the grill and cook for 2 minutes on each side. Remove the  vegetables from the grill and dice. In a large saute pan, heat 2  tablespoons of olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions and saute for  1 minute. Add the diced vegetables, shallots and garlic and saute for 2  minutes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Stir in the balsamic and  simmer for 1 minute. Stir in the olives, tomatoes and stock. Bring the  liquid to a simmer and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Reseason if needed. Stir in  the butter and remove from the heat.    Place the parsnip strips in the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 1  minute, stirring constantly to prevent the parsnips from sticking. Remove  the parsnips from the oil and drain on a paper-lined plate. Season the  parsnips with salt and pepper.    Combine the parsnip puree and mashed potatoes together. Mix well.    To serve, spoon some of the parsnip-mash potatoes in the center of each  plate. Lay each piece of monkfish directly on top of the potatoes. Spoon  the sauce over the fish. Garnish each plate with a pile of fried parsnips,  basil and cheese.    Recipe Source: EMERIL LIVE with Emeril Lagasse From the TV FOOD NETWORK -  (Show # EM-1A82 broadcast 12-03-1997) Downloaded from their Web-Site -  http://www.foodtv.com    Formatted for MasterCook by Joe Comiskey, aka MR MAD - jpmd44a@prodigy.com  ~or- MAD-SQUAD@prodigy.net    12-05-1997    Recipe by: Emeril Lagasse