Baileys Irish Cream Cake 2
Powdered sugar (= 457 grams,, Baileys (up to 1-1/2), milk, Eggs, Baking Powder, Salt, Baileys, Cream cheese (8 oz.),, Powdered sugar (up to 2), Sugar, White chocolate chips (or 2, Shortening, Vanilla extract, Plus, Flour, Baileys, BAILEYS SWIRL, BAILEYS GLAZE, Butter or margarine, Vanilla extract, BAILEYS YELLOW CAKE, 
Sources: McCalls cookbook and Baileys Irish Cream Bars posted to  jewish-food list by B. Leass    Baileys Yellow Cake: (Favorite One-Egg Cake recipe from McCalls cookbook,  with Baileys substituted for some of the liquid)    1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Grease and flour a 13 x 9 x 2  inch baking pan, and a 6 x 9 x 2 inch pan, or whatever combination of pans  that will hold 1 1/2 times the amount that a 13 x 9 x 2 pan holds.    2. Mix the flour with the salt and baking powder. Mix the Baileys with the  milk.    3. Using electric mixer, cream the shortening with the sugar. Add the egg  and vanilla, and beat well. Add the flour mixture, alternately with the  Baileys and milk mixture. Beat for 2 minutes.    4. Pour half of the cake batter into the prepared pans, then drop large  spoonfuls of the Baileys Swirl (recipe below) into the pans alternately  with large spoonfuls of the cake batter. Swirl with knife or fork to get a  marbled effect.    5. Bake about 25-35 minutes, or until surface springs back when lightly  pressed with fingertip.    6. Let cool, then spread with Baileys glaze (recipe below).    Note: actually the cookbook called for the shortening and milk to be added  together to the flour, but that didnt make any sense to me, so I changed  it to the method Im familiar with, where the shortening and sugar are  creamed together first. I used butter for the shortening, since that was  all I had available. I guess you could use margarine or a solid vegetable  fat like Crisco.    Baileys Swirl (Cream Cheese Frosting recipe in McCalls cookbook, with  Baileys and white chocolate added):    1. With electric mixer, beat cheese with butter and vanilla until creamy    2. Add the confectioners sugar; beat until light and fluffy.    3. Stir in the Baileys and white chocolate, and mix well.    Baileys glaze: Mix 3/4 cup Baileys with 1 cup of the powdered sugar. Add  more Baileys if the glaze is too thick; add more sugar if the glaze is too  thin. Add more Baileys and sugar if there isnt enough glaze.    Sorry to be so imprecise, but I didnt really keep track of the amounts  while I was doing this, since I had to leave in 15 minutes with the cake!    The really fun thing was trying to explain to people what was in the cake!  The non-Americans didnt understand the concept of cream cheese frosting at  all. It was really hard to explain what frosting is, and I realized this is  because over here, either a cake is dusted with powdered sugar (i.e. carrot  cake is dusted with powdered sugar here), or it is topped with a thin  glaze, or it is "frosted" but with whipped cream or a recipe containing  mostly whipped cream.    Many of them had never drunk Baileys (which is readily available in  supermarkets here)! One woman was positive there was marzipan in the cake!  But it was a hit anyway; I had no leftovers to take home! Good thing I  still had the smaller cake at home!    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V96 #76    Date: 12 Nov 96 08:34:36 EST    From: Karen Snyder <100130.1562@CompuServe.COM>