Bagels Pt 2
See part 1, 
To form a bagel and develop the gluten, cloak that will give it its  structure, draw up the dough from the bottom, stretch it, and pinch it at  the top. Keep pulling the dough up and pinching it until you have a  perfectly round, tightly packed ball of dough with a little topknot or  pleat at the top.    Turn the dough over so that the knot is against the work surface and plunge  your index finger into the center of the dough. Wiggle your finger around  in the hole to stretch it, then lift the bagel, hook it over the thumb of  one hand and the index finger of the other, and start rotating the dough,  circling your thumb and finger and elongating the hole to a diameter of 2  to 2 1/2 inches. (At this point, the dough will look more like a piece in a  ringtoss game then a bagel, but it will soon boil to bagelhood.) Put the  bagel on the baking sheet with the floured towel, and cover with another  towel. Shape the remaining 4 pieces of dough into bagels. (Youll shape the  refrigerated dough after youve completed boiling and baking there bagels.)    The Water Bath: 1/4 cup granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon baking soda Add the  sugar and baking soda to the boiling water. With a large slotted skimming  spoon or slotted spatula, lower the bagels, one at a time, into the boiling  water. Dont crowd them - the bagels should swim around in the water  without touching one another; its better to boil them in batches than to  cram them into the pot all at one time. The bagels will sink to the bottom  of the pot when you put them in, then rise to the top. Once the bagels have  surfaced, boil for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes on each side, flipping them over  gently with the skimmer. Remove the bagels, shaking the skimmer over the  stockpot to get rid of some of the excess water, and put them on the baking  sheet with the unfloured towel, keeping the smoothest side of the bagel up.  (Do not discard the sugar-water - youll use it to boil the dough that is  still in the refrigerator.)    Keeping the smoothest side up, transfer the bagels to the peel or prepared  baking sheet. (Work quickly, because the wet bagels have a tendency to  stick to the towel.)    The Glaze and Toppings: 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon water, Sesame, poppy,  and/or caraway seeds; kosher or sea salt; minced onions sauteed in  vegetable oil; and/or dried garlic chips or dehydrated onions softened in  hot water (optional)    Whisk the egg whites and cold water together until the whites are broken  up, then push the glaze through a sieve and brush each bagel with the  glaze. Try not to let the glaze drip onto the baking sheet or peel, or it  will glue down the bagels. Dont worry if the bagels look wrinkled -  theyll smooth out in the oven. Brush with another coat of glaze and, if  youre using a topping, or more than one, sprinkle it, or them, evenly over  the bagels now.    Baking the Bagels: Put 4 ice cubes in a 1-pint measuring cup and add 1/4  cup cold water. Put the bagels into the oven and immediately toss the ice  cubes and water onto the oven floor (or into the hot pan). Quickly close  the oven door to capture the steam produced by the ice, turn the oven  temperature down to 450F, and bake the bagels for 25 minutes. Turn off the  oven and let the bagels remain in the oven for 5 more minutes. Open the  oven door and leave the bagels in the oven for another 5 minutes. Transfer  the bagels to a rack and cool. If youve used a baking stone, sweep the  excess cornmeal from the stone. Before baking the next batch of bagels, be  certain to bring the oven temperature back to 500F.    While the first batch of bagels is baking, cut and shape the remaining  dough. Boil, glaze, and bake these bagels just as you did the first batch.    Storing: Cooled bagels can be kept for 1 day in a paper bag. For longer  storage, pack into airtight plastic bags and freeze for up to 1 month.  Thaw, still wrapped, at room temperature.    Bagel Chips: Cut stale bagels into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Spread lightly  wi