Tofu Even a 13-Yr-Old Loves!
Onion, very finely chopped, Soy sauce (or to taste), For every two "squares" of, Soy sauce, Chopped fresh ginger, SAUCE, Firm ripe tomato, finely, X-large egg (or two smalls, Water, Vegetable oil, Cloves garlic, finely, Sugar, 
Rule 1: if at all possible, buy fresh tofu at an Asian market or good  health foods store. (The stuff in the sealed plastic containers is a poor  substitute, but okay if you are going to heavily mask the taste.)    My 13-year-old daughter loves to make these tofu omelets: (note: if tofu is  very wet, try to squeeze out a little of the water)    Process or blend together everything except the tofu. Cut tofu into chunks  or mash with a fork and process or mix *gently* with the egg mixture. (You  dont want a perfectly smooth batter.) Spray a light coating of oil on a  frypan (nonstick is best) and gently fry tablespoon sized "latkes" of the  batter. (Until you get the hang of it, these are likely to crumble when you  turn them; in that case, serve in a bowl!)    I prefer to serve these with a tangy or spicy chutney (the original  recipes sauce follows). Erica eats these "as is" for breakfast, lunch or  dinner.  For the sauce:(note: when I have homegrown tomatoes, I make this and freeze  it in small portions)    In small saucepan, heat the oil; fry onion and garlic over low heat,  stirring frequently, until onion is soft, about 5 min. Add tomato and fry,  stirring, for 3 or 4 min. or until tomato is cooked to a pulp. Add soy  sauce, water and sugar; bring to a boil. If made ahead, reheat sauce before  using.    Other tofu ideas: Add small cubes of tofu to any broth-based (clear) soup.  Let the tofu sit in the soup awhile to is soaks up the flavors of the soup.  (Dont freeze anything after youve added tofu, unless you enjoy eating  sponge!) I make Chinese hot & sour soup, replacing the chicken with tofu  cubes. Also, a soup thats just homemade veg. stock, a bit of Thai curry  paste, cellophane noodles (soaked and chopped) and lots of tofu cubes. When  I feel extremely naughty, I add a very small amount of canned coconut milk.  The longer the tofu sits in this mixture, the better it tastes.    Im often warned not to use "silken" tofu for my recipes, but I happen to  prefer its texture. The good stuff I get at the Asian market is available  only in silken--and it has a delightful, almost custardy texture.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #013, by Mark Cohen or Donna Himelfarb  <mark.cohen@relex.com> on Tue, 14 Jan 1997.