Tomatillo and Cauliflower Spinach Soup (t)
olive oil, Liquid margarine; spray, Cauliflower or one head, White onions; 1/4" dice, Olive oil spray, Chopped spinach; leaves, Garlic cloves; finely, Salsa verde; optional, Fresh cilantro leaves;, Tomatillos; husked and, Chopped fresh cilantro; for, Chopped green chiles, Hot pepper sauce, Water, salt and pepper, Vegetarian bouillon, Cream; and/or, 
Position a rack about 5 to 5-1/2 inches below the broiler in an oven.  Preheat the broiler.    Combine the cauliflower, onion, garlic, and oil in a mixing bowl. Toss to  coat. Transfer mixture to a baking sheet or pan, spray with a little liquid  margarine and broil for 12 to 15 minutes or until the edges of the florets  are dark brown, almost black. Remove from oven. Set aside to cool.    Spray a large soup pot; place pot over high heat; saute the tomatillos and  chopped green jalapenos or other peppers for 5 minutes, stirring often. Add  the salsa verde and cook, stirring for 1 minute. Add the water and  concentrated soup base, stir; bring to a boil, let boil 5 minutes, then  decrease the heat and simmer for about 10 minutes.    Coarsely chop the broiled vegetables and add them to the pot along with the  spinach and cilantro. Let simmer 10 minutes. Add the caulillower. Puree  with a handheld blender until as smooth as possible. Season to taste with  salt. Let simmer 3 minutes.    Ladle the soup into bowls. Garnish with a dollop of sour cream and/or  cilantro and serve with a hot pepper sauce.    BOOK NOTES: Central Americans often cook with cauliflower, but they dont  usually make soup with it. Most commonly, they pickle it with vinegar and  serve it as an accompaniment for all kinds of dishes. This recipe is very  interesting because it calls for roasting the cauliflower, which gives it a  completely different flavor than were used to. I like to keep this soup as  green as possible and thats why I puree the spinach at the very end.  ~-author.    >from ISBN 0-89815-851-6 Ten Speed: (C) 1997 Douglas Rodriguez. Latin  Ladles: Fabulous Soups and Stews from the King of Nuevo Latino Cuisine:  ORIGINAL VERSION: Triple the amount of butter and oil (no sprays) and  chicken soup stock. >Tested by Pat Hanneman (kitpath). What a novel and  fresh soup -- lemony from the tomatillo. It went well with a mildly sweet  bread (Banana Walnut Yeast Bread or a cornbread with corn kernels). The  reheated very well (after 6 days in the refrigerator). TIP: add chili sauce  to taste to 1 tablespoon of faux cream and "spot" the soup; then garnish  with cilantro. Mc-PER SERVING: 66 cals, 2.6g fat; 32% cff.    PANTRY: Trader Joes salsa verde with a hint of vinegar. I cant believe  its not butter spray. Vegetable flavored Better than Bouillon. Fresh  jalapeno roasted in the oven with the cauliflower. Jennifer Trainers Jump  Up Hot Sauce with Passion. -Mar 98 (amethnic.mcf)    Recipe by: Latin Ladles (1997) Douglas Rodriguez / Hanneman    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 07,  1998