Tomato Polenta-And-Goat Cheese Tart
Fresh thyme leaves, Garlic, Thinly sliced zucchini, Water, Pepper, Salt, Chevre, (goat cheese), Egg white, Yellow cornmeal, Grated Parmesan cheese, Olive oil, divided, Tomato juice, Nonfat cream cheese, Thinly sliced yellow squash, Vegetable cooking spray, 
Place cornmeal, 3 teaspoons olive oil, salt, pepper, and garlic in a large  saucepan.    Gradually add the water and tomato juice, stirring constantly with a wire  whisk. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium. Cook, uncovered, 10 minutes,  stirring frequently.    Spread mixture in bottom of a 9-inch round removable-bottom tart pan coated  with cooking spray.    Place cream cheese, chevre, and egg white in a food processor, and process  until smooth. Spread the cream cheese mixture over polenta mixture in pan.  Arrange zucchini and squash alternately over the cream cheese mixture;  brush remaining oil over vegetables. Sprinkle thyme and Parmesan cheese  over tart.    Bake at 400 degrees for 15 minutes. Broil 1 minute or slightly browned.  Yield: 6 servings.    Per serving: 223 Calories; 10g Fat (39% calories from fat); 11g Protein;  23g Carbohydrate; 20mg Cholesterol; 491mg Sodium    NOTES : From Chef Scott Cohen of The Restaurant at the Stanhope, Stanhope  Hotel.  Scott Cohen, the former chef of New Yorks swank and trendy supper  club Tatou, can now be found at the Stanhope Hotel, across from the  Metropolitan Museum of Art. The New Jersey-born chef developed his casually  elegant style of cooking by working at Le Moulin de Mougins in the south of  France and the Mansion on Turtle Creek in Dallas. He describes his cuisine  as "American Provencal." Chefs note: "Cooking Light has adapted two of my  favorite recipes--my Roasted Vegetable Tart and my Polenta Cake With  Roasted Vegetable Vinaigrette--into one great, easy-to-make-at- home  version. Its wonderful hot out of the oven or served at room temperature."    Recipe by: Cooking Light, Jul/Aug 1995, page 123    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #410 by igor@digex.net on Jan 28, 1997.