Tofu with Asparagus Pasta in Hoisin Sauce
Radish flower; garnish, Cherry tomatoes; halved or, Sesame seeds, Fresh chinese parsley;, Unbleached flour, Low sodium tamari soy sauce, Cold pressed sesame oil, Curry powder; optional, TO SERVE, Tricolor fettucine; cooked, Asparagus spears; fat ones;, Hoisin sauce, Water; more or less, Tofu Mori-nu lite extra, 
PRESSED AND DRAINED TOFU: Place tofu on a rimmed plate. Place a smaller  plate on top. Weight the place with a heavy object. Press for 4 to 8 hours.  Drain and pat dry. Optional: ring paper toweling around the block of tofu  to absorb the liquid and prevent spills. Drain in a cool place  (refrigerator).    The pasta and asparagus may be cooked together; allow 4 to 5 minutes for  the sliced asparagus; time the pasta as directed on the package. Spinach,  duram, and carrot pasta make a tasty three-some. Keep the pasta and  asparagus hot.    Slice tofu block into three thin sheets. Sprinkle both sides of each piece  with some of the flour. Combine remaining flour with the hoisin sauce and  water; this will be used as a thickening sauce later. Season with a curry  blend, if using.    Dry-pan roast the sesame seeds in a non-stick skillet (2 to 3 minutes).  Remove and set aside.    Add oil to the skillet and heat to medium-high; fry the slices of tofu,  turning once. Reduce the heat to medium. Using the edge of your turner or  spatula, cut the tofu sheets into 1" strips. Add the hoisin mix to the  skillet and tilt to swirl. Add water when needed to thin the sauce. Add the  tomatoes and the sesame seeds. When the tomatoes are heated through, pour  the sauce over the pasta and asparagus mixture. Toss gently to combine.    COMMENTS: Pressed tofu has a texture similar to but not as al dente as the  pasta. We pressed silken tofu about 6 hours and were pleased with the  result. Radishes as a condiment filled the need for bite. [PER SERVING,  each: 384 calories, 16 grams protein, 10 grams fat (24% cff), 59 grams  carbohydrates, 4 grams fiber, 1 milligrams cholesterol, 100 milligrams  sodium. MC3]    Recipe by: Pat Hanneman; Riverside, CA May-1998    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Kitpath <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on May 31,  1998