Baked Apricot Souffl?s with Almond Cr?me Sauce
(8.25-ounce) unpeeled, Sugar, Almond Cr?me Sauce, Almond extract, Vanilla extract, Whipping cream, Sugar, Sugar; divided, Eggs, Cornstarch, Egg yolks, Sugar, Butter or margarine, Cornstarch, Sifted powdered sugar, Whipping cream, All-purpose flour, Vanilla extract, Half-and-half, Egg yolks, Almond cr?me sauce, Almond extract, Vanilla extract, 
Coat bottom and sides of 6 (6-ounce) custard cups with cooking spray;  sprinkle with sugar. Set aside.    Process apricot halves in blender or food processor until smooth, stopping  to scrape down sides; set aside.    Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat; whisk in flour until  smooth. Cook mixture, whisking constantly, 1 minute.    Add half-and-half and 1/4 cup sugar, whisking constantly. Cook over medium  heat, whisking constantly, until thickened. Remove from heat; set aside.    Beat egg yolks at medium speed with an electric mixer until thick and pale;  fold in apricots. Gradually stir one-third of hot mixture into yolk  mixture; add to remaining hot mixture, stirring constantly. Cook over  medium heat 2 minutes; stir in vanilla. Cool 15 to 20 minutes.    Beat egg whites at high speed until foamy. Gradually add remaining 1/4 cup  sugar, beating until soft peaks form. Gradually fold into apricot mixture.  Spoon into prepared custard cups.    Bake at 350? for 25 minutes or until puffed and golden brown. Sprinkle with  powdered sugar, and serve immediately with Almond Cr?me Sauce. Makes 6  servings.    Almond Cr?me Sauce Serve any leftover sauce with fresh fruit, pound cake,  or ice cream.    Combine first sugar, cornstarch, and the extracts in a heavy saucepan;  gradually stir in whipping cream. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly,  until sugar dissolves. Set aside.    Beat egg yolks until thick and pale. Gradually stir one-third of hot  mixture into yolks; add to remaining hot mixture, stirring constantly. Cook  over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened.    Pour through a wire-mesh strainer into a small bowl, discarding any lumps.  Cover and store in refrigerator up to 3 days. Makes 1 1/2 cups.    Notes: Cloud Craft Souffl?s rely on stiffly beaten egg whites to create  their magnificent proportions. Here are a few helpful tips for high and  mighty souffl?s.    Separate egg yolks from whites while eggs are cold.    To make your souffl? rise higher, let egg whites sit at room temperature 20  minutes before beating them.    Beat egg whites until stiff but not dry. Lift beaters up from bowl to see  if peaks hold their shape.    Fold egg whites into the souffl? mixture by cutting down through the center  of the mixtures, across the bottom, and up the sides of the bowl. Give the  bowl a quarter turn, and repeat folding and turning until mixtures are  blended.    Recipe by: Southern Living 1997    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1051 by Suzy Wert <SuzyWert@aol.com> on Jan  25, 1998