Baked Apricot-Ginger Chicken with Sweet and Sour Sauce
White wine, Margarine; melted, Ground ginger, Ground ginger, Ground cloves, Salt, Eggs; Or L/2 Cup Egg Subs., Jar Apricot Preserves; 8, Honey, Skinless Boneless Chicken, SWEET AND SOUR SAUCE, Freshly squeezed lemon juice, Box (1-3/4-Ounce) Box Soup, Apricot-peach duck sauce, Ground White Pepper, 
1. If the chicken is frozen, thaw it overnight in your refrigerator. Rinse  and clean the parts with cold water and dry well with paper towels. Preheat  the oven to 350F. Cut the chicken breasts in half.    2. Combine the soup nut crumbs, ginger, salt, and pepper in a shallow dish.    3. Beat eggs in a small bowl with the lemon juice and pour into a pie  plate. Dip each chicken part in the egg mixture, then in the crumb mixture.  Arrange in a single layer in a 9 x 1 3-inch baking pan.    4. In a 1-quart microwave-safe bowl, combine the preserves, wine, and  margarine; microwave on high for 3 minutes. Or place in a small saucepan  and bring to a boil. Pour over the chicken breasts and bake for 1 hour or  until the chicken is crisp. Serve with the Sweet and Sour Sauce.    Sweet and Sour Sauce: This recipe begins with a 19-ounce jar of duck sauce,  which comes in several flavors. It is a great flavor enhancer for marinades  or dipping sauces. Pour over the baked chicken or pass at the table. 2 cups  apricot-peach duck sauce 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger 1/4 teaspoon ground  cloves 1 tablespoon honey    Microwave Method Place all the ingredients in a 1-quart microwave-;safe  dish. Microwave on high for 2 minutes. Stir and microwave 1 more minute.  Refrigerate and warm before serving.    Conventional Method Place all the ingredients in a medium saucepan. Bring  to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Remove from the  heat. Refrigerate and warm before serving.    Note: This recipe calls for chicken breasts only, but if you prefer dark  meat, add kosher-for-Passover chicken parts. The soup nuts, or mandlen,  come in a box and need to be ground into crumbs. I prepare a large jar to  keep in my pantry for Passover.    From: "Let My People Eat! Passover Seders Made Simple A Complete Guide to  the Passover Seder for Everyone: Jewish and Non-Jewish by Zell Schulman  Macmillan USA 1998 $27.50 hardcover ISBN: 0-02-861259-0 Formatted by Carole  Walberg    Recipe by: "Let My People Eat!"  by Zell Schulman    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "Bob & Carole Walberg"  <walbergr@mb.sympatico.ca> on Apr 7, 1998