Bahamas Fish Soup 8/3/89
Salt, Black Pepper, Potatoes;peeled halved and, Sliced celery; optional, Butter; optional, Onion; thinly sliced, Water, White meat fish; Boneless, Fresh or pickled Tabasco, Sliced carrots; optional/, Bacon, 
I first had this dish on Little Exuma Island in the Bahamas, where the  locals eat it regularly for breakfast. They use any white meat fish that is  not too oily and the small Tabasco type peppers that are very hot. They use  the peppers in both the red and green stages. Just before serving they will  also put a dollop of butter on the soup. I have modified mine or  Americanized it if you will, by lightly sauteing the bacon until it is very  lightly browned. I do this only because it looks better than" white" boiled  bacon to the American eye. I also add just a few sliced vegetables at times  for the same reason. (carrots and celery ) Feel free to modify the recipe  this way if you wish. When cooking only for myself, I eat it the Bahamian  way and spicier than most Americans like it. Bon Appetit ! In a large  saucepan bring the water to a boil and add the potatoes, onion, bacon,  salt, pepper and minced chilies. If you are using any celery or carrot, add  these at this time too. Gently boil until the potatoes are just tender to  the fork and add the fish. Reduce the heat and simmer until the fish is  just cooked. ( It will be white and opaque. ) Add a small piece of butter  if desired, correct the seasonings and serve at once. Makes 4 servings.    Note - Depending on how hot the chilies are that you are using you may want  to use more or less depending on you taste. You will find that chilies used  in a liquid tend to be hotter than in solid foods so be cautious. Try to  stay away from strong oily fish when you make this dish. The flavor should  be light and delicate. For a richer soup substitute clam juice for the  water.    NOTES :   First Course Or Main Course    Recipe by: LeRoy Trnavsky    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by drleroy@juno.com (LeRoy C Trnavsky) on Apr  10, 1998