Tomato Hornworm Wipeouts
Plate, Carrot peeler, Cheese, To 2 salad dressing, Bowl, Spoon, TOOLS, Butter knife, Extra large ripe tomato, Container whipped cream, Paring knife, Cutting board, Cucumber, (4oz) string cheese, 
With an adults help, use a carrot peeler to remove the cucumber skin.  Discard the skin and continue peeling long thin strips the entire length of  the cucumber until you reach theseedy core. Set these strips aside. Dice  the seedy core into tiny pieces abo You now need to remove the top of the  tomato, much as you would the top of a pumpkin to make a jack-o-lantern.  Ask an adult to do the following: Take a paring knife and carefully poke it  into the tomato, about 1 inch from the stem, pointing the knife at a Using  a spoon, scoop out the tomatos center, leaving a large, bowl shaped space  inside the tomato. Chop these tomato insides into tiny pieces, drain off  excess juice and add themto the cucumber.    Pull apart the pieces of string cheese into strips that are about the width  of a pencil. Cut each strip into thirds and set aside.    To make hornworms, use a butter knife to spread thin layers of cream cheese  onto each side of a cucumber strip. Then, using the cream cheese as a  "glue", wrap the cucumber in a coiling fashion around a piece of string  cheese, from one end of the cheese to Blend the remaining cream cheese with  one or two tablespoons of your favorite salad dressing and stir into the  cucumber and tomato. Spoon this into your hollowed out tomato and  refrigerate any extra.    Place the tomato on the center of a plate. Ask an adult to use a paring  knife to carve out three or four holes the same diameter as the worms in  various places on the tomato. Carefully insert the worms into the holes and  arrange others on the plate. Serve Sicko serving suggestion: Cover the  plate with torn lettuce leaves and arrange worms crawling through gnawed  out holes. Use cream cheese to seal one worm inside a folded leaf as if it  had made a cocoon.    From the Book: Gross Grub by Cheryl Porter Random House ISBN 0-679-86693-0  Shared by Carolyn Shaw 10-95  Posted to EAT-L Digest 04 Sep 96    Date:    Wed, 4 Sep 1996 21:24:08 -0500    From:    LD Goss <ldgoss@METRONET.COM>