Toms Holy Habanero! Fritatta
Green onions, Mushrooms, peach, Egg whites, Margarine, Habanero pepper, Egg, Juice of 1/2 orange, Garlic, Oregano, 
The inspiration for this great breakfast came when I was trying to explain  the delicious flavor of a ripe habanero to a non-Chile-Head.  It went  something like "imagine the combined taste of a ripe peach, an apricot and  a little sweet orange".   Just then the non-Chile-Head (Wonderful Wife)  said "what you gonna fix us for brunch?".  The heavenly bells rang and this  imaculate conception was born.   BTW just omit the hab for the non-CH.    Now the procedure: Remove the stem and seeds from the habanero and finely  mince the hab. Note, a fully ripe hab should be used as it has the  apricot/orange flavor.    Peel the peach or apricots, dice it and place in a bowl.  Squeeze the  orange juice on it to keep it from browning and to get the orange flavor.    Place the egg and egg whites in a bowl and mix them thoroughly.  Note the  egg whites are used instead of whole eggs in order to reduce the total  cholesterol.    Mince the garlic and onions and place in a teflon pan with the margarine.  Saute for a minute or so and then add the mushrooms and chopped habaneros.  Saute for a couple of minutes until the mushrooms look "just right".    Crush the oregano between your fingers and add to the mushroom mixture. Mix  well and remove to a plate.  Drain the peaches and add to this mixture.    Put the eggs in the pan and cook until they are just about done.  Remove  from the heat and add the mushroom mixture.    Place on a serving plate and garnish with a little parsley if you are  having company.    For a beverage, sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon of seasoned salt in a glass of  buttermilk and add a couple shots of your favorite hot sauce.  Mix well.    Note I made this in February and the peach wasnt perfectly ripe, but it  was still wonderful.  I can only dream of how good it will be when they are  in season.    I could only eat half of this so it might serve 2, but I prefer to have a  little leftovers around. <g>    Enjoy!    Tom Greaves  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #255 by Tom Greaves  <0007168628@mcimail.com> on Mar 4, 97.