Bak Ku Teh (Pork Rib Tea Soup)
Sugar, Salt, Shallot Flakes, cinnamon, Soy sauce, Chinese crullers, star anise, white peppercorns, Pork back ribs, garlic, GARNISHES, white rice, Water, Dark soy sauce, 
I think the only "Singaporean" dish I have is one for a curried  noodle dish known as Singapore Noodles every where in Asian except  Singapore where they never seem to have heard of it.  Stay tuned  though. Ill see what I can come up with.    Well, its a little later and were in luck!  I found three Singapore  recipes in Joyce Jues "Asian Appetizers".  Heres da foist...    Although most Asian lunches and dinners include a soup, there are  certain soups which are served as a snack or even for breakfast.  In  Singapore, one of my favorite ways to start a day is to trek over to  a hawkers stall and have a bowl of pork rib "tea" (actually a clear  soup tinted with soy sauce).  It comes with Chinese crullers for  dunking, and a strong black tea which I think of as the "espresso" of  teas.  This recipe comes from the Straits Cafe in San Francisco.  The  crullers, baguette-shaped fried savory pastries, may be purchased at  better Asian markets.    1.  Combine the pork, garlic, and water in a large saucepan; bring to  a boil and cook for 5 minutes.  Skim and discard the scum from the  surface. Add the cinnamon, star anise, peppercorns, sugar, salt, and  soy sauce. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the pork is  tender, about 45 minutes.  Discard the excess fat from the soup  before serving.    2.  Serve the soup in deep bowls with 3 to 4 rib pieces per serving  and shallot flakes scattered over the top.  Combine soy sauce and  chiles to taste in small bowls as a dipping sauce for the ribs.  Serve with cruller slices for dunking into the broth, and a bowl of  rice on the side.    Makes 4 to 6 servings.    CRISP FRIED SHALLOT AND GARLIC FLAKES:    Cut 8 shallots or garlic cloves crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices;  you should have 3/4 cup of slices.  The slices must all be of equal  thickness to assure even cooking.  Heat 2 cups of vegetable oil to  300F in a preheated wok, saucepan, or skillet.  Add the slices and  fry slowly for 3 to 5 minutes or until golden brown and crisp.  They  should be completely dry with no remaining moisture.  Remove with a  fine strainer and drain on paper towels.  When cool, store in an  airtight container. The flakes will keep for several weeks.  Makes  about 1/2 cup.    Makes about 1/2 cup.    NOTE:  The flavored oil can be strained and used for stir-frying.    From "Asian Appetizers" by Joyce Jue, Harlow and Ratner, 1991.  ISBN  0- ISBN 0-9627345-1-9.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; December 8 1992.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip