Tofu Piccata
Grated fatfree Parmesan, Minced fresh parsley, Marinara sauce, (10.5-oz) extra-firm tofu;, Dry breadcrumbs, Dried Italian Seasoning, Cornstarch, Egg whites (or substitute), Drained capers, Hot cooked linguini (about 8, Lemon wedges (optional), Lemon juice, 
Date: Mon, 26 Feb 1996 13:49:32 -0800    From: Judy.Mingram@west.sun.com (Judy Mingram - SunSoft)  Finally got a chance this weekend to try some new recipes from the Inspired  Vegetarian section of Cooking Light.  The Tofu recipe is from March and the  Black Bean recipe is from February.  Both were included in a section of  multiple recipes that all looked very, very good.    I tried both recipes and can verify that they turned out just the way the  magazine said they would.  Both were deceptively simple and quick.  The  only thing that was time-consuming was that both required 1-2 ours  marinating time for the Tofu, however, if you are warned ahead of time,  its easy to make the adjustment timewise.    Both recipes called for o*l, and I used Pam instead or left it out  entirely.    Place tofu cubes and lemon juice in a large heavy-duty zip-top plastic bag;  seal bag, and shake gently to coat.  Add cornstarch to bag; seal bag, and  shake gently to coat.  Let stand one hour.    Combine Parmesan cheese, breadcrumbs, parsley, and Italian seasoning in  another large heavy-duty zip-top plastic bag; seal bag, and shake well.  Place egg whites in a shallow bowl; stir well. Dip tofu cubes into egg  whites and add to cheese mixture in bag; seal bag, and shake gently to  coat.  (With this part, I just dumped all the tofu in at once into each  mixture, fished it out by the handful and threw it into the next bag.  Messy, but it saved time!)    Coat a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray, and place over medium  heat until hot. Add tofu cubes, and cook 8 minutes or until browned,  turning occasionally. (I really browned this stuff well to make the coating  really crispy.)    Spoon pasta onto individual plates and top with tofu cubes.  Spoon marinara  sauce over tofu and pasta; sprinkle with capers. Serve with lemon wedges,  if desired. Yield: 4 servings    Cooks notes: The f*t info at the bottom of the recipe included o*l, regular  Parmesan ch**se, and regular tofu so it would not be effective for this  list. I used lowfat Mori-Nu, nonfat Parmesan ch**se and no o*l. I  substitued Eggbeaters for the egg whites.    Also, it was way too much for one dinner, so I refrigerated the browned  tofu cubes and the next night reheated them in a no-stick pan, cooked more  pasta and had it again! Delicious!    FATFREE DIGEST V96 #62    From the Fatfree Vegetarian recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.