Tom Jabchai [Vegetable Stew]
Chinese mushrooms;, Cakes hard soybean curd;, Dark soy sauce, Pork stock, Bai phak chi, Western cabbage; quartered,, Garlic, [palm] sugar, Soybean paste, Leek; in 1" rings, Mung bean noodles; soaked,, Kale; stems crushed, and, [Chinese] celery; in 1", Minced ginger, Chinese cabbage; cut into, Maggi sauce, Chicken or duck; cut into, Black pepper to taste, Mooli (Chinese white, Fish sauce, Belly pork cut into half, 
Date: Sat, 11 May 1996 10:12:06 -0700    From: "Colonel I. F. K. Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>  This is sometimes called "Chinese" vegetable stew in Thailand, because the  chosen vegetables are usually of Chinese origin. You can make  substitutions, and some recipes for this stew call for as many as 10  different vegetables. You do need at least 4 to get the veriety of tastes  and textures required, but if the produce market yields more on the day,  then you can indeed use more (keep the overall quantity about the same.)    Though called a vegetable stew, this is by no means a *vegetarian* dish. It  contains a substantial amount of meat. The essential flavor of the dish  comes from the belly pork. If you prefer you can use a pound of belly pork  and omit the poultry, but you shouldnt omit the pork altogether.    This is a "one plate" meal - a single dish forming the entire meal (as  opposed to the more usual dining style in Thailand with several contrasting  dishes).    Method: Bring the stock to a boil and add the pork, poultry, fish sauce,  soy sauce, and Maggi sauce, boil uncovered until the meats are just cooked.  Add the vegetables, bean curd, and noodles. In a wok, heat some oil, and  fry the soybean paste until fragrant. Saute the garlic and ginger. Add the  soybean paste, garlic and ginger to the soup. Taste, and adjust the fish  sauce and pepper to suit the chefs preferences. Remove from the heat and  serve when the vegetables are done.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V2 #317    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.