Tofu Spinach Pie #1
Sesame oil, Unbleached flour, Dried basil, onions, Mushrooms, Sea salt, Water, Arrowroot, Firm tofu, Whole wheat pastry flour, Dill weed, Crust, water, parsley, Corn oil, Barley malt syrup, Salt, FILLING, Garlic, fresh spinach, Dried parsley, basil, 
Crust: Stir the flours together in a small bowl and freeze. Freeze the corn  oil in a separate container. Both containers should remain in the freezer  for 1 hour. (The oil need not be firm.) Mix the oil into the flour until it  forms a crumbly meal. Stir the salt into the ice water and add the water to  the flour mixture. Mix only to bind the dough. The dough may seem a little  wet at first, but it should become drier as it absorbs mositure. If it is  still too wet, you can ad a little whole wheat flour to the dough. Roll out  half of the dough on a floured surface rolling to a thickness of about 1/8  inch. Transfer the dough to the pie pan, and trim and crimp the edges. Roll  out the top crust. Set aside.    Filling: If you are using fresh spinach, steam or saute the spnach for  about 5 minutes. Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Saute the onions,  garlic, mushrooms and seasonings until the onions are transparent. Then add  the spinach and allow it to cook down for 3 to 5 minutes. Rinse the tofu  and mash it. Add it to the vegetables and continue cooking until the tofu  is heated through. Then add the dissolved arrowroot. Pour the filling into  the pie shell. Place the top crust over the filling and seal the edges.  Bake in a preheated oven at 350 degrees for 35 minutes. (When the pie has  baked for about 20 minutes, you can glaze the top crust with amixture of  1/4 c barley malt syrup and 2 tablespoons of water. Just lightly glaze the  crust andreturn the pie to the oven. The glaze will make the crust shiny  and brown.) Serve the pie hot.    Variation: You can alsy prepare this pie open-faced, with only a single  crush. In this case, brush the top with a little oil immediately after  baking; this will give the top a fresh glossy look.    From _Friendly Foods_ by Bro. Ron Picarski Sub: New CHEFS List 12-18-92    Date: Sat, 22 Jun 1996 19:06:20 -0400    From: BobbieB1@aol.com    MM-Recipes Digest V3 #175    From the MealMaster recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.