Bagels Pt 1
Unsalted butter; melted, Solid vegetable shortening, High-gluten flour; bread, Fresh ground black pepper;, Tepid water; (80?F to 90?F), Salt, Granulated sugar, Active dry yeast, 
Makes 10 large bagels.    Like croissants, bagels, have transcended their origins to become  all-American. These are chubby bagels - boiled, then baked - with a cakey,  open sponge; they are not heavy, stretchy, or chewy. They are made with  high-gluten flour, the kind your local pizza maker uses. He might give you  some, or you can order the flour by mail, but dont let not getting your  hands on this stop you from bageling - youll like what you get if you use  bread flour or unbleached all-purpose flour.    Brush the inside of a large (about 8-quart) bowl with some of the melted  butter; set aside. Reserve the remaining melted butter for coating the top  of the dough.    Mixing and Kneading: Whisk the yeast into 1/4 cup of the tepid water. Add a  pinch of sugar and let the mixture rest until the yeast has dissolved and  is creamy.    Pour the remaining 2 cups water into a large bowl and add the shortening.  Add the yeast mixture along with 2 tablespoons sugar, the salt, and the  black pepper, if youre using it, and stir with a wooden spoon to mix.    Stirring vigorously with the wooden spoon, add the flour, 1/2 cup at a  time, stopping when you have a soft, sticky dough that is difficult to  stir. (You will probably use almost 6 cups of flour, but the dough will  still be soft and sticky - and thats just the way its supposed to be.)  Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead for 5 to 6  minutes, until it is smooth and elastic. Add additional flour as needed to  keep the dough from sticking to you hands and the works surface.    (To make the dough in a mixer, proof the yeast in 1/4 cup of the warm water  in the mixers bowl. Fit the machine with the dough hook and add the  remaining 2 cups water, the sugar, shortening, salt, and the pepper, if  using it; mix on low to blend. With the machine still on low, gradually add  5 1/2 to 6 cups of the flour, mixing for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the  ingredients are blended. With the machine still on low, gradually add 5 1/2  to 6 cups of the flour, mixing for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the ingredients  are blended. Increase the miser speed to medium and knead for about 6  minutes, adding additional four by the tablespoon until the dough is smooth  and elastic. At this point, the dough may still be slightly sticky and it  may not clean the sides and bottom of the bowl completely - thats OK.)    Rise: Form the dough into a ball and transfer it to the buttered mixing  bowl. Brush the top of the dough with a little melted butter, cover the  bowl with buttered plastic wrap, and top with a kitchen towel. Let the  dough rise at room temperature for about 1 hour, or until it doubles in  bulk.    Chilling the Dough: Deflate the dough, cover as before, and refrigerate for  4 hours, or, if its more convenient, overnight. *** At this point, the  dough can be well wrapped and refrigerated for up to 2 days. ***    When youre ready to make the bagels, position an oven rack in the lower  third of the oven and preheat the oven to 500F. If the bagels are to bake  on a stone, preheat the baking stone too and generously dust a peel with  cornmeal. If they will bake on baking sheets, brush the sheets with  vegetable oil (or spray them) and dust them with cornmeal. For added  flavor, use one or all of the suggested topping ingredients in combination  with the cornmeal to dust the peel or the sheets. (To create steam in the  oven, youll be tossing ice cubes and water onto the oven floor. If you  dont think you oven floor is up to this - it can be tricky with a gas oven  ~ put a heavy skillet or roasting pan on the oven floor and preheat it as  well.)    While the oven preheats, fill a stockpot with water and bring the water to  a rapid boil.    Line 2 baking sheets or trays with kitchen towels. Rub flour into 1 of the  towels and place both sheets close to your work surface.    Shaping the Dough: Deflate the dough and transfer it to a lightly floured  work surface. Divide the dough in half; cover and chill one piece of the  dough while you work with the other. Cut the dough into 5 equal pieces;  work with 1 piece at a time and cover the remaining pieces with a towel.    continued in part 2