Baileys Frozen Chocolate Chunk Mousse Cake
Unsalted butter, Granulated sugar, Salt, ?, Ground espresso, ESPRESSO CAKE, Water, Salt, Cake flour, Eggs, Vanilla extract, Sour cream, Hazelnuts, Bittersweet chocolate, milk, Heavy cream, GARNISH, Heavy cream, chocolate sauce, Mascarpone, Baking soda, Vanilla extract, Bittersweet chocolate, CHOCOLATE CHUNK MOUSSE, Bittersweet chocolate, 
ESPRESSO CAKE: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat  to 350 F. Lightly butter an 8-inch square cake pan. Dust the pan with flour  and tap out the excess. Place the ground espresso into a cup or small bowl.  Heat the water to boiling and pour it over the espresso powder. Allow the  grounds to steep for 5 minutes. Strain the coffee through a double layer of  cheesecloth. Measure 1/4 cup of the coffee and set aside. In a large howl,  using a wire whisk, stir together the flour, baking soda and salt. Sift the  mixture onto a large piece of waxed paper. In the 4 1/2-quart bowl of a  heavy-duty electric mixer using the paddle attachment, beat the butter on  medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes until creamy. Gradually add the sugar,  blending well between additions, and scraping down the sides of the bowl  when necessary.  Add the eggs one at a time and beat until combined. Add  vanilla and sour cream. On low speed, add half of the flour mixture and  beat until combined.  Add the 1/4 cup of espresso, and mix well. Add the  remaining flour mixture.  Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and bake  for 25 to 30 minutes or until the cake begins to pull away from the sides  of the pan and a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out  clean. Remove pan from oven and set on a wire rack to cool completely.    CHOCOLATE CHUNK MOUSSE: Put the chocolate in a food processor fitted with  the metal chopping blade. Process for 20 to 30 seconds, until finely  ground. In a small saucepan, combine the milk, sugar and salt. Cook over  medium heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the sugar dissolves and  the milk comes to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the vanilla  extract and 1/4 cup of the Baileys. With the motor of the food processor  running, pour the hot milk through the feed tube. Process for 10 to 20  seconds, until the chocolate is completely melted. Using a spatula, scrape  the chocolate mixture into a large bowl and cool for about 5 minutes, until  tepid. In the 4 l/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer using the  paddle attachment, beat the mascarpone at medium-low speed just until  softened. Gradually add the rest of the Baileys, scraping down the side of  the bowl as necessary. Switch to the wire whip attachment, and beating on  medium speed, add the heavy cream. Increase the speed to medium-high and  continue beating 2-3 minutes, until soft peaks are formed when the whip is  lifted. Using a large rubber spatula, fold one-third of the whipped cream  mixture into the chocolate mixture to lighten it. Fold the remaining  whipped cream into the chocolate mixture. Fold the toasted nuts and  chocolate chunks into the mousse.    ASSEMBLE THE CAKE: Line an 8-inch square pan with foil, leaving a 2-inch  overhang on two opposite sides of the pan. Using a long serrated knife,  slice the cake horizontally into two layers of equal thickness. Place the  top layer, cut side up, in the bottom of the pan. Scrape the mousse onto  the cake layer in the pan. Smooth the top with a small metal cake spatula.  Place the second layer, cut side down, on top of the mousse. In the 4  1/2-quart bowl of a heavy-duty electric mixer using the wire whip  attachment, combine the heavy cream, Baileys, and confectioners sugar and  beat on medium-high speed until medium-stiff peaks are formed when the whip  is lifted. With a small metal spatula, spread the top of the cake with the  whipped cream. Sprinkle the chocolate chunks over the whipped cream. Freeze  the cake for 6 hours or overnight. Remove the cake from the freezer. Lift  it out of the pan, using the overhanging pieces of foil as handles, and set  it on a cutting board to temper for 30 minutes. With a sharp knife, trim  the four sides of the cake, then cut into eight 4-inch-by2-inch bars. Serve  on dessert plates with warm chocolate sauce.  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "John Weber" <hdbrer@ibm.net> on Apr 09, 98