Baked Beans
Dark molasses, Dry mustard, Bean cooking liquid, Brown sugar, Boiling water, Dry navy (pea) beans, Salt pork; thinly sliced, Instant minced onion, Salt, 
Line four 8x8-inch baking pans with heat-resistant freezer wrap.  Allow  enough extra wrap to fold over top.  Use one pan for each six servings or  one-fourth of the recipe.  Do not line pans for food to be served without  freezing.    Add beans to boiling water; return to boiling.  Boil beans 2 minutes; then  soak beans 1 hour (or overnight, if preferred).    Add salt pork and salt to beans.  Cook beans slowly until tender, about 1  1/2 hours.  Drain; save 2 cups cooking liquid.  Mix bean cooking liquid,  molasses, brown sugar, mustard, and onion.  Pour over beans.  Mix gently.  Pour one-fourth of mixture into each baking dish.    TO SERVE WITHOUT FREEZING:  Preheat oven to 350? F. (moderate).  Bake 1  hour or until beans are lightly browned and sauce is desired consistency.    TO FREEZE:  Cool for 30 minutes at room temperature.  Complete wrapping by  pulling paper up over top of food.  Put edges of wrap together and fold  several times so paper lies directly on top of food.  Fold ends of freezer  wrap over the top and seal with freezer tape.  Label with name of food,  date of freezing, and last date the food should be used for best eating  quality (about 6 months).  Freeze immediately for 10 to 12 hours before  removing packages from the pans.    TO HEAT FROZEN FOOD:  Preheat oven to 350? F. (moderatae).  Remove freezer  wrap.  Place food in baking pan.  Bake 1 1/2 hours or until center is hot.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #184    Date: Mon, 05 Aug 1996 11:22:06 -0500    From: "R. Winters" <rosie@iadfw.net>  NOTES : This recipe is for 24 servings (about 3/4 cup each).  Directions       are=       given for dividing the prepared food into four parts of six       servings each. =       One part may be completely cooked and served at the time of       preparation. =       The remaining parts may be frozen.