The All Time Favorite Dutch Oven Potatoes
Bacon, Black pepper, Potatoes, Onions, Salt, 
Keep potatoes covered with water until ready to use or they turn dark and  loose much of their appeal. Brown bacon in preheated oven with or without  the lid on. If its windy, or many people moving around, its safer with  the lid on. Add onions, and cook until transparent. Place potatoes in oven  a layer at a time, seasoning as you go. Go easy on the salt because of the  bacon. When all potatoes are in, stire thoroughly so seasoning and bacon  and grease are well distributed throughout. Place lide on oven and cover  with coals. Beginners be careful, and inspect often. Some cooks say stir at  each inspection, thus insuring the bottom isnt burning. Personally, I  think this results in broken and mushy potatoes. I, after the initial  stirring, leave them alone. If im doubtful about the bottom, I take a  spatula or spoon and slip under the potatoes and lift enough to check the  progress then slip spatula out, leaving potatoes disturbed as little as  possible by sampling frequently you can announce when done. (usually around       20    minutes)    NOTES : 1.  If you are cooking meat or chicken with potatoes, cook meat in  preheated oven until almost done.  Remove to another oven and put potatoes  in meat oven.  Stir well and cook as in recipe.  Finish cooking meat in new  oven over slow coals. 2. A refinement Ive found people like is to add  other vegetables to potatoes. Add 1/3 amount of carrots, 1/5 amount of  celery, cauliflower as desired, some like broccoli. Tomatoes have even been  added.  If the group isnt too large and your only have one oven, just push  meat to one side and cook potatoes or vegetables in same oven, or just  altogether. The skies the limit. If there is too much juice or grease in  meat oven to suit your fancy, pour excess off before putting in vegetables.  Recipe by: Allen Heaton (Hurricane Heritage Cookbook) Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #638 by hister@juno.com (Iris E. Dunaway) on Jun 9, 1997