Timpano Di Maccheroni Al Ragu Neapolitan Ragu Pt 1
Parmesan cheese, Pancetta, Tomato paste, Parmesan cheese, Salt, Pigeon breast; skinless, Butter, Dry white wine, Tomato puree, Water, Lowfat mozzarella cheese;, Eggs, Salt and pepper, Egg, fresh parsley, Chicken livers, ASSEMBLY, Salt and pepper, Onions, Pork loin, Parsley, Water, Chicken giblets, Onion, Butter, Butter, PASTRY CRUST, PEAS AND MEATBALLS, Dry Red Wine, Flour, Ground beef, Tomato paste, Dried mushrooms, Salt, Onion, Dry white wine, Sugar, Bread crumbs, Italian sausage, Egg yolks, Garlic, Pancetta, olive oil, Black Pepper, Perciatelli, 
Season pork all over with salt and pepper to taste and parsley. In meat  grinder or food processor, chop together onions, garlic and pancetta. Cook  pork, ground pancetta mixture and olive oil in large casserole, preferably  earthenware, covered over very low heat, turning meat only once, until  onions begin to color, about 1 hour. Add red wine and cook, stirring  occasionally. After about 2 hours, onions will be well-browned and most  liquid will be evaporated. Raise heat to medium, add 2 to 3 tablespoons  tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, until tomato paste mixes in and  becomes dark brown. Repeat, using 2 to 3 tablespoons at a time, until all  tomato paste is used. Add tomato puree and 1/4 cup water, lower heat, cover  and cook another two hours, adding water from time to time to keep sauce  from drying out. When pork is tender enough that meat fork slides in  easily, remove from sauce and set aside. Add sausage and continue cooking  sauce one hour more. Sauce should be "dark, unctuous, shiny and thick."    Pastry Crust Combine flour and sugar in large mixing bowl and cut in  butter. Beat egg yolks and salt until light and add, little at time, until  flour mixture just holds together. Divide in two parts, one slightly  smaller than other. Gather both into balls, flatten into discs, wrap  tightly and refrigerate one hour.    PEAS AND MEATBALLS In small bowl, cover mushrooms with hot water. Set aside  one hour. In large bowl, combine ground beef, egg, Parmigiano-Reggiano,  parsley, salt and pepper to taste and bread crumbs. Form into walnut-sized  meatballs. Melt butter in small skillet over medium-high heat and briefly  fry chicken liver and heart just until cooked through, about five minutes.  Remove and reserve. In large saute pan, cook pancetta and minced onion over  low heat until soft, about 10 minutes, then add white wine. Cook until wine  evaporates. After 10 minutes, add mushrooms and filtered soaking liquid,  tomato paste, cooked chicken liver and heart and meatballs. Simmer for 10  minutes, then set aside to cool. When cool, add peas.    ASSEMBLY Season pigeon breasts or chicken with salt and pepper to taste and  fry in butter on both sides until brown, three to five minutes. Add finely  chopped onion and white wine and cook, covered, until wine evaporates. Cool  and cut meat into pieces. Roll out larger pastry ball into large circle and  place in 9-inch springform pan. Gently push into corners to cover bottom  and sides of pan and leave remainder draped outside.    continued in part 2