The Best Fried Rice (Claiborne/lee)
shrimps, Eggs, vegetable oil, Scallions, Baking soda, fresh green peas, Salt, Fresh bean sprouts, Peanut oil, rice, cooked, Oyster sauce, Salt, ham, 
1. Flake the rice so that the grains do not stick together. Set aside.    2. Combine the shrimps with the soda and salt and let stand 15 rninutes or  longer. Rinse thoroughly in cold water and pat dry on paper toweling.    3. Heat the oil in a wok or skillet until it is almost smoking and add the  shrimps. Cook, stirring quickly and turning them in the oil until they turn  pink, about 30 seconds. Remove them to a sieve fitted over a mixing bowl  and let them drain well. Return the oil from the drained shrimps to the  pan.    4. Add the sausages or ham to the pan and cook just to heat through,  stirring. Add the rice, stirring rapidly, and cook until thoroughly heated  without browning.    5. Do the following quickly: Make a well in the center of the rice and add  the eggs, stirring constantly. When they have a soft-scrambled consistency,  start incorporating the rice, stirring in a circular fashion.    6. When all the rice and eggs are blended, add the peas and the tablespoon  of salt, stirring. Stir in the oyster sauce and the cooked shrimps, tossing  the rice over and over to blend everything. Stir in the bean sprouts and  cook, stirring and tossing, about 30 seconds. Add the scallions and serve  immediately.    YiELD: 8 to 12 servings    Note: If you really want to be refined in this dish, pluck off and discard  the head and threadlike "tail" of each bean sprout. But whether plucked  over or left whole, there should be 1 cup to go into the dish.    **Note to me: try chicken in place of shrimp and soy sauce in place of  oyster sauce.    Source: The Chinese Cookbook, by Craig Claiborne & Virginia Lee, 1972 (the  authors say that, "This fried rice is a bit of a masterpiece."    Recipe by: Claiborne/Lee, "The Chinese Cookbook"    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 452 by James and Susan Kirkland  <kirkland@gj.net> on Jan 04, 1998