Time for Tea Pt 2
See part 1, 
For our little cheese course, small wedges of Brie are crusted with chopped  almonds and baked till oozy, then paired with spoonfuls of just-a-bit-spicy  apple and onion compote. Now thats a modern tea anyone would love to  attend.    It may sound like a lot of work, but compared to having a dinner party,  its a breeze. Preparation is the key to having a party of any sort; do as  much as possible beforehand. Youll want to read all the way through the  recipes a few days before starting the actual cooking. Some of them can be  made ahead and just finished off the day of the gathering. I am including a  time line to make it simpler for you. This will break down all the items  you can do in advance, then show what you would prepare when on the day of  the party.    I am also including a menu for you to write out if you wish. I like to  place it in a small, pretty picture frame on my table with all the dishes  arrayed there.    And dont feel that you must have a silver tea service or the "right"  serving pieces and accessories to throw an elegant party. You can use all  kinds of unconventional vessels. Small mirrors and "platters" of boughs of  pine, fir or flowering fruit trees make a great backdrop for tiny  sandwiches, savories or sweets. Just be sure that any greenery and leaves  you use for serving are not poisonous or sprayed with toxins.    For the ultimate festive presentation of small cookies, garnish them with  flecks of edible gold (22k or above) and fine silver leaf. This is sure to  add sparkle to your party. Both are available at some gourmet food shops.    For a real show stopper, make a decorative ice bowl. Layer lemon peel,  flowers and herbs in a large, stainless-steel or plastic bowl half-way  filled with water. Then place a smaller bowl in the center and weight it  down to make as much indentation as you want. Freeze, then run under cool  water to release. Fill ice bowl with crushed ice and nestle in dishes of  the lemon curd, whipped cream and berries to go with the scones.    Try making novel candleholders for your table by carving a little plug out  of shiny apples or sunny lemons then poking a candle down through the  center. Tiny rocks sprayed gold are attractive strewn down the center of  your table and nestled around candles. A large glass bowl of apples or  lemons makes a beautiful centerpiece. And a plain tablecloth becomes  dramatic with leaves, greens or pieces of ivy on it and pinned around it.    Of course youll want to serve an assortment of freshly brewed teas. Offer  one of your favorite black teas, and interesting herbal tea and perhaps  even a green tea. Be sure to set out the traditional accompaniments of  sugar, lemon and milk. And it is always nice, if having a late-afternoon  tea, to offer small glasses of sherry or port toward the end, along with  some tempting cookies.    Your planning should let you enjoy your own tea party and be the calm,  unworried host/hostess that you knew you could be. (Remember not to spill  crumbs on your crinoline, say "dahhling" lots, and stick your pinkie out,  for goodness sakes!)    (Copyright 1997, by Kathy Casey)    Chef Kathy Casey is a restaurant consultant and food writer. Her "Dishing"  column appears monthly in The Seattle Times Food Section.    Recipe by: Seattle Times 4/2/97 (Kathy Casey) Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1  #558 by Rooby <MsRooby@sprintmail.com> on Apr 08, 1997