Thankgiving Dressing
Celery, chopped, Poultry seasoning, Sugar, Vegetable spray, Onion, Rubbed Sage, Water, Egg, Flour, Vegetable oil, SOUTHERN CORNBREAD, Egg, Margarine, White Bread (1/2 inch cubes), Parsley,finely chopped fresh, Salt, Skim milk, Salt, Chicken broth, Yellow cornmeal, Baking Powder, 
Some people call it dressing, and some call it stuffing, but everyone calls  it delicious. And it is apart of every Thanksgiving table I can remember!  How about you? However you try and say it its good! It means a family  traditions gathering around the kitchen with the family while you make the  stuffing to go inside of the turkey out out side of the turkey. Oh the  smells of the kitchen will bring you all home for sure.. Stuffing is as  American as Apple Pie, and baseball. Weather you call it Dressing or  stuffing it is a savory well seasoned mixture of bread on bread. If your  from the deep South you most likely use corn bread, and if your from the  Cajiun country yu might like oysters, and french bread and articoke hearts.  However you fix it, or how ever you serve it. Its family traditions that  matter. Its the memories that will last a life time to share with our  friends and families now.. Heres a Southern Cornbread Stuffing that one of  my favorites.    DIRECTIONS:    TO MAKE THE CORN BREAD: Combine first 5 ingred. in a large bowl stir well.  Combine milk,oil and egg add to flour mixture.. Stirring just until dry  ingred. are moistened Spoon batter into a 8 inch square baking pan. coated  with cooking spray (Pam) Bake at 425 for 20 min. or until center comes out  clean. Makes 8 servings. When corn bread is done cool on wire rack and  crumble corn bread and set aside until ready to mix with the move ingred.    Melt margarine in large skillet over medium heat add onion, celery and  water and cover. Reduce heat to medium low and cook 15 minutes or until  tender. Remove from heat stir in poultry seasoning, sage, salt and white  bread. Combine crumbled corn bread, onion and bread mixture, chicken broth,  parsley and egg in a bowl and stir well. Spoon mixture into a 2-qt  casserole coated with Pam (vegetable non-stick spray) Bake uncovered at 325  for 35 min.    Makes about 8 servings.    