Tofu #1
Dry soy beans, Nigari (a salt by-product;, Water, 
Step One: Sort the dry soy beans.  Measure out about two cups for two  blocks of your tofu end-product.  Wash the beans, then cover them with  about 3" of water and refrigerate overnight.     Step Two: Using your blender, add about 1 cup of beans with about two cups  of water (you can use some of the water from the soaked beans, then make up  the difference with ordinary tap water).  Grind the mixture in the blender  until the beans are about the texture of coarse coffee grounds.  Line the  strainer with cheesecloth, then put the strainer over the pot.  Pour the  mixture into the strainer, then squeeze until dry.  Reserve the grounds,  which will become your okara. Repeat with remaining beans.     Step Three: Put the pot containing the strained milky mixture on the stove  and stirring constantly as you bring to boiling.  Watch this carefully, as  this has a tendency to boil over very quickly.  Reduce heat and keep at a  low boil for about ten minutes.     Step Four: Add nigari--about 1-1/2 teaspoons--to the pot, and stir well.  Youll see the milky mixture forming curds.  When the mixture seems to have  curdled (about a minute), remove from heat.     Step Five: Line strainer with a clean piece of cheesecloth, and pour in  the curdled mixture. Discard the water. Wrap up the curdled mixture in the  cheesecloth, and squeeze tightly to remove any remaining water.     Step Six: Let the curdled mixture (your tofu) firm up as it cools, about  20 minutes. Once cooled, you can remove the cheesecloth and store the tofu  in water in the fridge until its ready to be used.     Step Seven: To prepare the okara, spread the soy grounds on a cookie  sheet, and bake for about 20 minutes in a250-degree (F) oven. Check it to  make sure it turns a nice golden brown color and doesnt burn.     Note: This recipe makes a super-firm tofu thats great for stir-fried  recipes, when other types of tofu would break up into unrecognizable  pieces. I like this tofu especially for tostadas -- I stir-fry onions,  peppers, tofu, turmeric, cumin, garlic, and oregano for the filling.    JMORLEY@VERITY.COM    (JANICE MORLEY)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.