The Hundred Dollar Chocolate Cake
Sifted sugar, Real butter, or half butter,, Egg yolks, well beaten, Vanilla, Baking Powder, Sweet milk, Bitter chocolate (4 sqs), Cake flour, Half margarine, Egg whites, well beaten, 
Cream butter and sifted sugar. Add the melted chocolate. Fold into  this the egg yolks and vanilla. Sift flour with baking powder and  sift twice more. If butter is sweet, salt will be necessary (1/4 tsp  should be enough). If using salt butter, do not add salt. Combine the  two mixtures, alternating with the milk. Lastly, fold in the beaten  egg whites. Pour batter in 2 greased and floured 9 inch cake tins.  Bake in a moderate oven (350 to 375 degrees) for 30 to 35 minutes or  until cake tests done. Remove from oven and cool before icing.    The original recipe called for 1 cup chopped pecans to be folded into  the cake batter, but we prefer to add them to the frosting. You can  take your choice. I ice this cake with chocolate frosting and add 1  cup of chopped pecans to it. I also like this cake with the pink  peppermint frosting given below.    2 unbeaten egg whites few grains salt 1 1/2 cups sifted sugar crushed  peppermint candy chocolate shot or grated sweet chocolate 5 Tbls.  water 1 1/2 tsp white corn syrup 2 or 3 drops oil of peppermint 1 or  2 drops pink vegetable coloring    In the top of a double boiler place the egg whites, salt, sugar and  water mixed with the white corn syrup. Use a rotary egg beater and  cook the mixture 7 minutes by the clock, beating all the while. Have  the water boiling when you begin to make the icing. When done it  should stand in peaks. Add the oil of pepperming and taste the  frosting to get the right amount (I think peppermint extract would  probably also work in this, Gruver). Color pink with vegetable  coloring. After you put the frosting on the cake and while it is  still soft, decorate the top of the cake with alternating rows of  crushed peppermints and chocolate shot or grated chocolate.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip