The California Omelet Pt 2
See part 1, 
After about 1 minute, remove the tomatoes from the ice water and peel off  their skins. Cut them in half through their stem ends. Remove their seeds  with your finger, then cut the flesh of the tomatoes into l/4-inch dice.    Put the diced tomato in a bowl with the olive oil, vinegar, shallot, and  basil. Season to taste with salt and pepper and stir well. Cover and chill  in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.    Yield: For about 2 cups    Walnut Bread:    CUT INTO 1/4-INCH SLICES AND TOASTED, THIS BREAD IS EXCELLENT with hors  doeuvres, appetizers, and egg dishes. Its also a perfect partner for  serving cheese with wines. Wrapped in plastic wrap, it will keep for 4 to 5  days in the refrigerator.    In a small saucepan, heat the water and milk to 115F on a cooking  thermometer.  Put the yeast in the bowl of an electric mixer (or a food processor with  the metal blade), add the hot liquid, and whisk until the yeast dissolves.  With the mixer on low speed, mix (or pulse) in the flours, sugar, and salt  just until incorporated. Add the walnuts and mix until they are  incorporated, then mix in the malt syrup.    Cover the mixing bowl with a damp towel (or, if using the processor, remove  the dough to a bowl and cover) and leave it at warm room temperature until  the dough doubles in volume, about 1 hour. Punch down the dough, cover  again, and let it rise once more, 45 minutes to 1 hour more.    Lightly butter the inside of an 1 l/2 x 3 1/2 x 3-inch metal loaf pan. Roll  the dough into a log shape that will fit into the pan and place it inside.  Leave the loaf in a warm place until the dough rises to the top of the pan,       20    minutes.    Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375F.    Brush the top of the loaf with the melted butter and bake it until dark  brown, 1 to 1l/. hours. Unmold onto a wire rack to cool before slicing and  serving.    Yield: For 1 loaf    http://www.foodtv.com/socal/reclist.htm#Hollywood  Posted to recipelu-digest by LSHW <shusky@erols.com> on Feb 20, 1998