Thai Veal Potstickers
Chinese rice wine, Cilantro; chopped, Cornstarch, Fresh basil leaves; minced, SAUCE, Ground veal, Oyster sauce, Unsweetened coconut milk, Asian chili sauce, Curry powder, Oyster sauce, Green onion; minced, Chinese rice wine, Flavorless cooking oil, Fresh ginger; finely minced, Green onion; minced, Sugar, Round gyoza or wonton, Asian chili sauce, 
Advance preparation: In a bowl, combine the green onions, ginger, veal,  oyster sauce, rice wine and chile sauce. Mix thoroughly. Place 2 teaspoons  filling in the center of a wrapper. (If using square wonton wrappers, trim  them into circles.) Bring edges of wrapper up around filling and encircle  the dumpling "waist" with your index finger and thumb. Squeeze the waist  gently with that same index finger, while also pressing the top and the  bottom of the dumpling with your other index finger and thumb. Line a  baking sheet with parchment paper, dust paper heavily with cornstarch,  place dumplings on the baking sheet, and refrigerate uncovered. Set aside  the cooking oil.  Combine all sauce ingredients and mix well. All advance  preparation steps may be completed up to 8 hours before you begin the final  cooking steps. Final cooking steps: Place a 12-inch nonstick saute pan over  high heat.  Add cooking oil and immediately add dumplings bottom side down.  Fry dumplings until bottoms become dark golden, about 2 minutes. Pour in  sauce.  Immediately cover pan, reduce heat to medium, and steam dumplings  until they are firm to the touch, about 2 minutes. Shake the pan so that  the dumplings "capsize" and are glazed all over with the sauce. Tip out  onto a heated serving platter or 4 heated dinner plates. Serve at once.  Suggested accompaniments: Roasted baby beets, a Cobb salad, and raspberries  with Grand Marnier truffles. Serves 6 to 10 as an appetizer or 4 as the  main entree.  Recipe By     : Hot Pasta, by Hugh Carpenter and Teri Sandison    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #267    Date: Sun, 27 Oct 1996 22:27:23 -0800    From: Rooby <rooby@shell.masterpiece.com>    NOTES : This Thai version of the north Chinese classic has many variations.  In place of the ground veal, try substituting ground chicken, pork, lamb    or raw minced shrimp or salmon.  Vary the flavor of the sauce.  Substitute    freshly squeezed orange or tangerine juice for the coconut milk.  Omit the    curry powder.  Use a blend of chopped mint, basil, cilantro, and chives.    Or add 1 teaspoon of finely minced lime zest.  Any of these variations    will make you a culinary hero.    Hot Pasta by Hugh Carpenter and Teri Sandison.  Ten Speed Press, 112 pages.    ISBN: 0-89815-857-5    Downloaded from The Electronic Gourmet Guide    MC formatted 10-28-97 by rooby@shell.masterpiece.com