The California Omelet Pt 1
Plus 2 tablespoons; (1, Extra-large fresh eggs, Coarsely chopped watercress, Sherry wine vinegar, TOMATO CONCASSE, Salt, Fresh cake yeast; (available, Salt, Coarsely broken walnuts, Malt syrup; (available in, Medium-size fresh white, Smoked slab bacon;, Walnut Bread; each 1/4 inch, Unsalted butter, Clarified Butter, WALNUT BREAD, L/4 cup milk, Unsalted butter; melted, Salt, Sour cream, Tomato Concasse; (See, Medium-size tomatoes; (red, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Medium-size Maui; Walla, Julienne of fresh basil, Plus 2 tablespoons; (3, (3/4 stick) unsalted butter;, Granulated sugar, Medium-size ripe avocados;, Medium-size shallot; finely, Water, 
In a small skillet or saucepan, heat the 1 tablespoon butter over medium  heat. Add the onion and mushrooms and saute until the onion is translucent,  about 5 minutes.    On a preheated grill or in a skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon until  golden, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. Cut the bacon  crosswise into thin julienne strips.    Preheat the broiler.    For each omelet, beat 3 eggs until lightly frothy and season to taste with  salt and pepper. Heat 1 teaspoon of clarified butter in a 7-inch nonstick  skillet over medium to high heat. Pour in the eggs and cook them, gently  stirring with a rubber spatula and gathering them toward the center as they  set. When the eggs are well set but still moist, smooth their surface and  set them under the broiler for about 30 seconds. Then arrange the fillings  along the center third of the eggs, perpendicular to the pans handle: the  onion-mushroom mixture, bacon, avocado slices, tomatoes, watercress leaves,  and sour cream.    While the eggs are cooking, toast the walnut bread in a toaster or under  the broiler. Butter the toast and cut the slices diagonally into triangles.    Loosen the edges of the eggs with the spatula. Holding the pan handle with  your palm up, tilt the pan over a heated serving plate and gently ease the  omelet out from the side opposite the handle. As it slides out, tuck the  first third over the fillings, then tilt the pan and use the spatula to  tuck the last third of the omelet underneath, completely enfolding the  fillings.    Serve each omelet with 2 triangles of walnut toast.    Yield: For 6 servings    Tomato Concasse: Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil and prepare a  large bowl filled with water and ice cubes.    With a small, sharp knife, cut out the stem ends and cores of the tomatoes;  cut a shallow X on the bottom of each tomato. Boil the tomatoes until their  skins are loose, about 40 seconds. With a slotted spoon, transfer them to  the ice-water bath.    continued in part 2