Tiramisu (Bd) Pt 1
Kahlua, Vanilla, Unsweetened cocoa; sifted,, Mascarpone cheese, Kahlua, Milk chocolate; in small, Rum, Baking Powder, Granulated sugar, Salt, Egg whites, Water, Water, Soaking Liquid, Chocolate Mascarpone, Baking soda, Eggs, Chocolate chiffon cake, Eggs, Coarsely grated milk, Sugar, Vegetable oil, Granulated sugar, All-purpose flour, Rum, Unsweetened cocoa, Espresso coffee;, 
Chocolate Chiffon Cake: Sift together l cup sugar, the flour, cocoa, baking  powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.    In the large bowl of an electric mixer, with paddle or beaters, beat the  egg yolks at high speed. Turn speed to low and pour in the oil, water and  vanilla. Gradually add the sifted ingredients, and when almost  incorporated, turn speed to medium, and beat until well combined. Remove  bowl from machine.    In another clean large bowl, with whip or beaters, whip the 6 egg whites  until soft peaks form. Start on medium speed and raise speed as peaks begin  to form. Gradually pour in the remaining l/2 cup sugar and whip until  whites are shiny and firm but not stiff. With a rubber spatula, fold l/4 of  the whites into the chocolate mixture, then scrape the chocolate mixture  back into the whites, quickly folding until completely incorporated.    Scrape the mixture into a greased and floured half-sheet pan and bake until  edges of the cake pull away from the pan and a tester, gently inserted into  the cake, comes out clean.    Chocolate Mascarpone Cream:    In the large bowl of an electric mixer, using paddle or beaters, beat the  mascarpone until fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl and under the  beaters as necessary.    Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, set over simmering water, melt the chocolate.  Set aside.    In a large heatproof bowl, set over simmering water, whisk the egg yolks  with l/4 cup sugar until sugar dissolved and mixture is hot to the touch.  Remove from heat and scrape into the mascarpone. On medium speed, beat just  until combined. Lower speed, add the melted chocolate, and mix well.    In a large bowl of the electric mixer, using the whip attachment, whip the  egg whites to soft peaks. Add the remaining l/4 cup sugar and continue to  beat until shiny and firm but not stiff. Fold into the mascarpone mixture.  Stir in the Kahlua and rum. Refrigerate until needed.    For the Soaking Liquid:    In a small pot, combine all of the ingredients, bring to a boil. Remove  from the heat and let cool.    To assemble the Tiramisu:    I like to use parfait or Pilsner glasses for this dessert. Place all of the  glasses on a flat work surface. Cut out cake circles that will fit into the  size glass your using. Using a ladle, place a small amount of Mascarpone  cream in the glass, dip a cake circle in the soaking liquid (squeeze out  any excess) and place on top of the cream. Ladle more cream on top of the  circle, place another soaked circle of cake and finish with a layer of  cream. Repeat this with all of the glasses. Refrigerate for about an hour  or until set. Decorate with grated milk chocolate and sifted cocoa.    Yield: 12 servings    BAKERS DOZEN MARY BERGIN SHOW #BD1A43, Copyright, 1997, TV FOOD NETWORK,  G.P., All Rights Reserved  continued in part 2