The $25000 Neiman-Marcus Cookie Recipe
Salt, Baking soda, Hershey, Vanilla, Butter, Eggs, nuts, Chocolate chips, Granulated sugar, Flour, Brown sugar, Blended oatmeal, Baking Powder, 
Cream the butter and both sugars.  Add eggs and vanila:  mix together with  flour, oatmeal, salt, baking powder, and soda.  Add chocolate chips,  Hershey Bar and nuts.  Roll into balls and place two inches apart on a  cookie sheet.  Bake for 10 minutes at 375 degrees.    The following is a TRUE STORY:    My daughter and I had just finished a salad at Neiman-Marcus Cafe in Dallas  & decided to have a small dessert.  Because both of us are such cookie  lovers, we decided to try the "Neiman-Marcus Cookie".  It was so excellent  that I asked if they would give me the recipe and the waitress said with a  small frown "Im afraid not."   "Well"  I said, "would you let me buy the  recipe?"   With a cute smile, she said "YES". I asked how much and she  responded, " Only two fifty, its a great deal!" I said with approval,  "just add it to my tab".       Thirty days later, I received my VISA statement from Neiman-Marcus and  it was $285.00.  I looked again and remembered I had only spent $9.95 for  two salads and about $20.00 for a scarf.  As I glanced at the bottom of the  statement, it said,  "Cookie Recipe - $250.00". Thats outrageous!! I  called Neimans Accounting Dept. and told them that the waitress said it  was "two - fifty," which clearly does not mean "two hundred and fifty  dollars"  by any POSSIBLE interpretation of the phrase. Neiman-Marus  refused to budge.  They would not refund my money, because according to  them,  " What the waitress told you is not our problem. You have already  seen the recipe - we absolutely will not refund your money at this point."  I explained to her the criminal statutes which govern fraud in Texas, I  threatened to refer them to the Better Business Bureau and the States  Attorney General for engaging in fraud. I was basically told, " Do what you  want, we dont give a crap, and were not refunding your money." I waited a  moment, thinking of how I could get even, or even try to get any of my  money back. I just said "Okay, you folks got my $250, and now Im going to  have $250.00 worth of fun." I told her that I was going to see to it that  every cookie lover in the United States with an e-mail account has a  $250.00 cookie recipe from Neiman-Marcus... for free. She replied, " I wish  you wouldnt do this"   I said,  " Well you should have thought of that  before you ripped me off, and slammed down the phone on her.    So, here it is !!!  Please, please,  please pass it on to everyone you can  possibly think of.  I paid $250 dollars for this...  I dont want  Neiman-Marcus to ever get another penny off of this recipe... Formatted and  converted by <kingman>  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #327    From: Wes King <kingman@orl.mindspring.com>    Date: Thu, 28 Nov 1996 09:13:34 -0500