Thompson Turkey Pt 1
Summer savory, Chili powder, Huge turkey; 16 to 22 pounds, BOWL 1, Chinese water chestnuts;, Poultry seasoning, Turkey heart, Lemon; grated rind of, Water (up to 5), Celery seed, Bay leaf; well crushed, Diced apple, Basil, Good dashes Tabasco, Turkey neck, Finely chopped parsley, Salt, BASTING FLUID, Turkey gizzard, Bay leaf, Caraway seeds, Black pepper, Salt, Mace, BOWL 2, Coriander, Diced orange, Chopped preserved ginger, Oregano, Monosodium glutamate, Clove of garlic, Hot dry mustard, Turmeric, Turkey, Turkey liver, Crushed cloves, Thyme, (large) crushed pineapple, 
The most fun to talk about, if not to make!    Thompsons turkey is a terrifying recipe, full of violence and hard work.  In the end, theres not much left of either turkey or chef. Its really a  mans recipe, but where, in this age of TV football, will you find a man  willing to tackle the Thanksgiving bird?    The woman of the house may just enjoy working out her frustrations on a  lonely holiday with this kind of exercise. And the end result will serve  him right! When the charred bird is borne to the table. She can relish his  dismay.....    Let me explain that the original recipe was written by author Morton  Thompson in a book entitled "Joe, The Wounded Tennis Player" (Doubleday  1945), Author Richard Gehman perpetuated it in an article in The American  Weekly in 1959, from which the following is excerpted:    The Recipe    "Get a HUGE BIRD, one weighing no less than 16 lbs and not more than 22.  Get a hen if possibly, because she will have more breast meat. A frozen  bird will do, but if possible, try to get a fresh-killed one. Have the  butcher cut off the turkeys head to leave a tube of neck skin, and have  him peel back the skin and cut off the neck close to the shoulders. This  will give you a tube in which you can use left-over stuffing. Save the  turkey fat.    Rub the bird inside and out with salt and pepper. Give it a friendly pat  and put it aside.    Chop the heart, gizzard and liver, and put them with the neck, into a stew  pan, adding a clove of garlic, a large bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon coriander,  and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cover with four or five cups of water and set it  simmering on the stove. This is going to be the basting fluid later....    Get a HUGE BOWL. Throw in it the "Bowl 1" ingredients.    Get another bowl. Throw into it "Bowl 2" ingredients.    WIPE YOUR BROW, refocus you eyes and get yet a third bowl. Put in three  packages of bread crumbs, and get them at a bakery is you can. Add 3/4  pound ground veal, 1/2 pound ground fresh pork or sausage meat, 1/4 pound  butter and all the fat (first rendered) you have been able to pull out of  the bird.    Get a fourth bowl, an enormous one. Mix the contents of all bowls in it.  Mix it well, Sit down and have a drink until the ache goes out of your  arms.    Stuff the turkey and skewer it. Put the leftover stuffing into that neck  tube I told you to be the butcher to make.  continued in part 2