The New Chocolate Decadence
Semisweet chocolate, Egg, Granulated sugar, Light syrup, Unsweetened cocoa powder, Boiling water, Vanilla extract, Granulated sugar, Lowfat 1% milk, Unsweetened cocoa powder, SAUCE------, Raspberries, frozen, Cream of tartar, Flour, Fresh raspberries, GARNISH------, Egg, Egg white, 
1.  Position rack in lower third of oven.  Heat to 350F. Coat 8-inch round  cake pan with veg. cooking spray and line bottom with parchment paper.    2.  Place chocolate in large bowl.  Combine 1 whole egg, 1 egg yolk, and  vanilla in bowl.  Combine remaining 2 egg whites and cr. of tartar in mixer  bowl.  Set 3 bowls aside.    3.  Combine cocoa, flour, and 2/3 cup sugar in sacuepan. Whisk in enough  milk to form smooth paste; stir in remaining milk. cook, stirring  constantly, over medium heat until brginning yo simmer; simmer very gently,  stirring, 1 1/2 min.  Pour immediately over chopped chocolate; stir until  smooth.  Whisk in yolk mix. Set aside.    4.  Beat whites and cr of tartar at med. speed to soft peaks. At hi speed,  gradually beat in remaining 1/4 cup sugar until stiff but not dry. Fold one  quarter of egg whites intochocolate mix, then fold remaining whites. Pour  into prepared pan.    5.  Place cake pan in baking pan and place on oven rack. Pour enough  boiling water into larger pan to come about halfway up sides of cake pan.  Bake 30 minutes, until top springs back when lightly touched. (Cake will be  moist).    6.  Remove cake pan from water.  Cool on wire rack. Refrig for 24 hours.    7.  Make sauce:  process raspberries and their syrup in blender until  smooth. Strain thru seive to remove seeds. Makes 1 cup.    8.  To serve, run thin knife or metal spatula around sides of pan to  loosed. Place a piece of waxed paper on top of torte. Invert onto waxed  paper; remove pan and parchment, then invert again onto plate. Sprinkle  with confectioners sugar. Cut cake into wedges with dental floss or sharp  knife dipped in hot water.  Serve with rasp. sauce.    Recipe By     : Ladies Home Journal - 1/95    