Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia
Warm water (105?-115? f.), Coarse salt for sprinkling, Table salt about, Cornmeal, Coarsely grated parmesan, olive oil, Active (1/4-ounce packages), Black Pepper, Sugar, All-purpose flour (about), Minced fresh thyme leaves, 
In a standing electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment beat together  yeast, sugar, and water and let stand 5 minutes, or until foamy. In a bowl  stir together table salt and 5 cups flour. Stir oil into yeast mixture.  With motor on low speed, gradually add flour mixture to yeast mixture. With  dough hook knead dough 2 minutes, or until soft and slightly sticky.    Transfer dough to a floured surface and knead in enough remaining flour to  form a soft but not sticky dough. Form dough into a ball and put in an  oiled large bowl, turning to coat. Cover bowl with a kitchen towel and let  dough rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes.    Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and divide in half. Knead thyme  into one half and knead plain half 1 minute. Form each half into an oval  and invert bowl over them. Let dough rest 5 minutes for easier rolling.    Preheat oven to 450? F.    Oil two 13- by 9-inch baking pans and sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon  cornmeal. On lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out  dough halves into 13- by 9-inch rectangles and fit into pans. Cover each  pan with a kitchen towel and let dough rise in a warm place until doubled  in bulk, about 20 minutes.    Sprinkle plain dough with Parmesan and sprinkle both doughs with coarse  salt and pepper. With lightly oiled fingertips make indentations, about 1/2  inch deep and 1 inch apart, all over dough rectangles and bake in middle of  oven 12 minutes, or until golden. Remove focaccia from pans and cool on  racks. Makes 1 thyme focaccia and 1 Parmesan focaccia.    If you need only one focaccia, freeze the other for later use. Focaccia  keeps, frozen, 2 weeks.    Recipe by: From Gourmet Magazine, July 1997 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1  #748 by C4 <c4@groupz.net> on Aug 19, 1997