The Royal Trifle
Custard, Vanilla, Cake flour, 70% buttermilk-vegetable oil, Salt, Sliced blanched almonds;, Vanilla, Kiwi fruit; peeled, halved, Granulated sugar, Frozen pitted sweet, Eggs, Cherry jam, Sponge cake, Almond extract, 1% low-fat milk, Strawberries; hulled, Frozen nonfat nondairy, Salt, Egg, Granulated sugar; no units, All-purpose flour, Cornstarch, Baking Powder, 
For custard, in medium bowl, mix sugar, cornstarch, flour and salt until  blended. Whisk in egg and 1/2 cup milk. In saucepan, heat remaining milk  over medium heat until small bubbles appear around edge. Gradually whisk  hot milk into egg mixture. Return to saucepan; cook over medium heat,  stirring constantly until mixture thickens and simmers, 2 minutes. Reduce  heat to low; simmer, stirring, 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in  vegetable oil spread and vanilla. Pour into bowl. Press plastic wrap on  surface; cool. Refrigerate 3 hours. For cake, preheat oven to 375F. Line  bottom of 13 x 9 x 2" baking pan with wax paper. Coat paper with nonstick  spray. Into bowl, sift flour, baking powder and salt. In bowl with mixer at  high speed, beat eggs, until thick, 5 minutes. Gradually beat in granulated  sugar. Add vanilla and almond extracts and 3 tablespoons water. Reduce  speed to low, beat until blended. Sift in flour mixture in three additions;  beat at low speed until just blended. Pour into pan, spreading evenly. Bake  12 minutes or until top is golden and toothpick inserted into center comes  out clean. Cool in pan on rack 5 minutes. Dust kitchen towel with  confectioners sugar. Turn cake out onto towel. Peel off wax paper. >From  long side, roll cake and towel up together. Let cool on rack. To assemble,  unroll cake and towel. Spread cake with jam. From same long side, roll up  cake without towel. Cut cake crosswise into 1/2" thick slices. Arrange a  few slices in bottom of 2-quart straight sided glass bowl. Spread 1 cup  chilled custard over top. Set aside 4 small strawberries for garnish. Slice  remaining berries. Top custard in bowl with half the sliced berries and  half the cherries. Arrange some cake slices around side of bowl so cut  sides show through. Top fruit layer with remaining cake slices. Top with  remaining custard, spreading to cover fruit. Cover with plastic wrap;  refrigerate overnight. Cut reserved strawberries in half. Garnish trifle  with kiwi, strawberry halves, almonds and if desired, whipped topping.    Makes 10 servings. Per serving: 230 calories; 6 g protein; 4 g fat; 70 mg  cholesterol; 42 g carbohydrates; 179 mg sodium.    Your time in the kitchen: 40 minutes. Ready to serve in 4 hours +  overnight.    Sneak peak at irresistible, guilt-free treats from Richard Simmons  brand-new cookbook, "Sweetie Pie", printed in Womans World, 11/4/97 issue.    Recipe by: Womans World 11/4/97, Richard Simmons    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #879 by 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail) on  Nov 01, 1997