Tiramisu (D)
Prepared unsweetened strong, Unsweetened cocoa powder for, Vanilla extract, (about 2 cups) mascarpone, Bought ladyfingers, enough, Salt, Eggs, Granulated sugar, Dark rum, Heavy whipping cream, Grand Marnier, 
Ok, heres the tiramisu recipe using all the egg, from _Maida Heatters  Best Dessert Book Ever_. My notes follow.    a 13X9 casserole that holds at least 14 cups    1. Mix the expresso and the Grand Marnier. Place half of this mixture into  a shallow bowl for dipping the ladyfingers into.    2. Dip each ladyfinger in the expresso mixture, being careful that they  dont disintegrate. Place them flat side down in the casserole to form a  pretty solid layer, trimming and pieceing where necessary. Drizzle any  remaining espresso over the ladyfingers. Set the casserole aside.    3. Whisk the mascarpone and rum together in a large bowl until smooth. Set  aside.    4. In the top of a double boiler over warm water on medium-low heat, beat  the yolks with 3 Tbsp of the sugar until light and foamy. Remove from the  heat and immediately beat into the mascarpone/rum mixture. Set aside.    5. Whip the cream with the vanilla until just firm. Fold the mascarpone  mixture gradually into the whipped cream. Set aside.    6. Beat the egg whites with the salt until it forms soft peaks. Gradually  add the remaining 3 Tbsp of sugar until the whites hold a stiff peak but  not until dry. Add the beaten whites all at once to the mascarpone/cream  mixture and fold together.    7. Pour half of this mixture over the ladyfingers in the casserole. Smooth  the top.    8. Prepare the second half of the ladyfingers as above, laying them on top  of the smoothed cheese mixture.    9. Pour the rest of the cheese mixture over the second layer of ladyfingers  and smooth the top. The dish will be very full.    10. Refrigerate uncovered.    11. After at least four hours of chilling, sift or strain a dense, even  layer of cooca over the whole surface of the tiramisu. Wipe the rim of the  casserole, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least overnight.    12. To serve, cut with a very sharp knife into rectangles (12 good-sized  servings, in my experience). Slide a wide metal spatula under a portion,  lift it, and slide it off with another spatula onto a chilled plate. Try to  keep it top side up as much as possible.    Notes: The large Pyrex 13X9 casserole isnt quite large enough--there are  enough bits and pieces left over to make a few individual desserts in the  smaller Pyrex bowls.    When I tried dipping purchased ladyfingers in the espresso, they  disintegrated *very* quickly. I solved this problem by dividing the coffee  mixture into two liquid measuring cups, laying out the *dry* ladyfingers in  the casserole, and then drizzling the coffee over them. Worked much better  that way.    The whole combination of cheese, eggs, and cream filled a very large  bowl--I dont remember if it was the 8-quart or the 12-quart, but it was  pretty darned full.    I didnt have any Grand Marnier, so I used some form of plain brandy.    The commercial ladyfingers I bought come in a 3 oz pack, with a red label.  I bought three of them and had a bit leftover. I dont know if its kosher  or not, though, since it was a very long time ago that I made this.    This is not a dish to be trying on a hot day.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #027    From: pixel39@skypoint.com (Jen Getty)    Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 21:46:28 -0500