The Perfect Chocolate Cake
Boiling water, Vanilla extract, Fresh strawberries, cleaned, Unsifted unsweetened cocoa, Heavy whipping cream, FROSTING, Semisweet chocolate pieces, Light cream, FILLING, Baking Powder, Butter, Vanilla extracted, Baking soda, Granulated sugar, Eggs, Sifted all purpose flour, Salt, Butter, 
In a medium bowl, combine cocoa with boiling water, mixing with wire whisk  until smooth. Cool completely. Sift flour with soda, salt, and baking  powder. Preheat oven to 350F. Grease well and lightly flour three 9 by    1-1/2    inch lager cake pans.    In a large bowl of an electric mixer, at high speed, beat butter, sugar,  eggs, and vanilla, scraping bowl occasionally, until light - about 5 mins.  At low speed, beat in flour mixture (in fourths), alternating with cocoa  mixture (in thirds), beginning and ending with flour mixture. Do not  overbeat.    Divide evenly into pans, smooth top. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until  surface springs back when gently pressed with fingertip. Cool in pans 10  minutes. Carefully loosen sides with spatula, remove from pans; cool on  racks.    Frosting: In medium saucepan, combine chocolate pieces, cream, butter; stir  over medium heat until smooth. Remove from heat. With whisk, blend in 2-1/2  cups confectioners sugar. In bowl set over ice, beat until it holds shape.    Filling: Whip cream with sugar and vanilla; refrigerate.    To assemble cake: On plate, place a layer, top side down; spread with half  of whipped cream and half of sliced strawberries. Place second layer, top  side down; spread with the rest of the whipped cream and strawberries.  Place third layer, top side up.    To frost: With a spatula, frost sides first, covering whipped cream; use  rest of frosting on top, swirling decoratively. Refrigerate at least 1 hour  before serving. To cut, use a thin-edged sharp knife and slice with a  sawing motion. Serves 10 to 12.    (Actually, it is sooo rich, it can really serve a lot more; cut small  slices. This is not a dessert for anyone who is watching their  cholesterol.)    