Tia Glorias Chicken Pozole
Hominy; Nixtamal, Cilantro, Lime, Mew Mexican red chile; In, Green onions, Dry pinto beans, Onion, GARNISH, Oregano, Green cabbage, Whole chicken, Bay Leaves, Garlic, 
From: auntie_e@prodigy.com (MRS ELAINE RADIS)    Date: Sat, 13 Jul 1996 21:20:46, -0500  Cook a half a cup of dry beans in water, oregano, onion and garlic. When  there is about 30 minutes cooking time left add 1 cup of nixtamal. You can  find it in the meat department, frozen food section or specialty food  section in dry form. In some parts of the Southwest, like New Mexico,  nixtamal or hominy is called posole.    Set aside beans and nixtamal after they are done.    At the same time you are cooking the beans and nixtamal, cook the chicken.  Remove all the skin from one whole chicken and cook it in a stock pot with  plenty of water. Season the chicken with salt, pepper, garlic, oregano, bay  leaf, etc.    After the chicken is done, de-bone it cut it up into chunks and return it  to the chicken broth. (If you like, you can cool the chicken broth in the  refrigerator overnight and remove the excess fat.  There will be little  need to do this because there wont be too much residual fat if you cook  the chicken without the skin.)    Add the beans and nixtamal to the chicken and broth.  Depending on how hot  you like your dishes, add 1/8 to 1/4 cup New Mexican chile. Remove the  pieces of garlic and onion from the broth, if you like. Correct the  seasoning and simmer for 10 minutes on low heat, allowing the flavors to  marry.    Top with a garnish of finely chopped cilantro, green onion and shredded  cabbage.  Squirt a little lime juice on top.    Serve with a side of salsa and flour tortillas.    **Recipe Source: Lori Matiella-Murray From her short story, "Waking The  Dead With Tia Glorias Posole"    "Reading my mind again, Tia (Aunt) Gloria informed me that pozole had  originated in the state of Guerrero and that the first pot of pozole that  had ever cooked was made with chicken. It was later modified by using pork,  but the more a?tentico was the way she made it, con pollo."**    Contributed by:  Claudia Parras  Oahu, Hawaii    Formatted by Elaine Radis; P* ID BGMB90B; Internet ID:  Auntie_E@Prodigy.com. Originally posted on the Jewish Recipe Mailing List.  Converted from text using MMCONV20.1.    JEWISH-FOOD digest 255    From the Jewish Food recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.