The Tamale Process
Broth or water, Salt, Pork and beef combination, Dried red poblano peppers, Broth or water, MEAT TAMALE FILLING, Baking Powder, Fresh masa, Veg. shortening, Salt, Garlic pods peeled, Chili powder, TAMALE MASA, Garlic powder; (optional), Mixed whole cumin & pepper, Lard, 
Prepare tamale filling: A wide variety of fillings can be used. Varieties  include: chicken,turkey, pork, venison, beef, hogshead, or a combination;  thick chili meat, beans, and vegetables.    Meat Tamale Filling: Cook meat. Boil, broil, bake or slow-cook the meat.  Reserve the broth for the masa and the filling. Chop or shred cooked meat.  Clean peppers and boil in one cup for about 5 minutes. Place in blender and  add the mixed cumin and pepper seed, and garlic. Blend until a paste is  formed and all the spices are ground. Place chopped meat in a large pot and  add broth, pepper and garlic paste, and salt. Mix until all ingredients  blend together. Use immediately or refrigerate overnight, allowing the  seasonings to ferment into meat.    Prepare corn husks: Pull apart dry husks and soak in hot water for an hour  or until soft. Weigh them down.    Prepare tamale dough. Tamale Masa: Place masa in large bowl, break into  pieces. Set aside. Melt lard and shortening on low heat; add chili powder,  salt and mix. Stir together broth, baking powder and garlic powder.  Gradually combine broth and lard mixture to masa. Mix well after each  addition. Masa should be smooth. Let masa rest 10 minutes.    Spread masa . Take some corn husks out from water, wring and drain water.  The corn husk has two sides, a rough and a smooth side. Spread masa on  smooth side. Spread works best with soft warm masa. Use large smooth  surface to spread. For a thicker spread use more masa and less pressure.    Filling and cooking tamales: After the masa is spread, place 1 to 2  tablespoons of fillling lenghtwise in center of masa. Then, fold sides over  towards center. Next, fold end of husk and pinch open end. In a large  steamer, place tamales upright, with the folded side on the bottom. Cover  with kitchen towel or husks and add water. Cover with steamer cover and  steam 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Tamales are cooked when the dough is firm and  spongy and does not stick to husk.    Recipe by: http://www.mastamales.com/frame.htm    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #956 by Walt Gray <waltgray@mnsinc.com> on  Dec 13, 1997