The Renowned Mr. Brown - Traditional Style Boston Butt
Dry mustard, Remaining Southern Succor Rub, Cayenne pepper, MEAT, Black Pepper, Worcestershire Sauce, Black Pepper, Turbinado sugar, Cayenne, Water, Cider vinegar, Sugar, Salt, Paprika, Ketchup, Boston butt roast, Cider vinegar, CAROLINA RED, Salt, Cayenne, SOUTHERN SOP (OPTIONAL), SOUTHERN SUCCOR RUB, Paprika, Salt, 
Hi Gang... thanks to all who forgave my initial indescretions and welcomed  me into the smokehouse. Some of you asked if I had any secret recipes/rubs  to share. The answer is no, but.... I will share my Q bible with you. Its  called SMOKE & SPICE by Cheryl Alters Jamison and Bill Jamison with the  Forword by Chris Schlesinger. Its $14.95 (retail in paperback - 400 pgs).  Im sure I paid alot less in some discount place. Terrific recipes and  specific tips on dry rubs, pastes, mariandes and mops. And lots of pork,  beef, lamb, veal, venison, fish, fowl, veggies and other sides, salads,  relishes, desserts and drinks. And, what I like, is the regional  (Memphis/Texas) stuff. Sometimes Im in the mood for the Carolina taste -  sometimes nothing but Southwestern will do.    I hope the authors dont mind my sharing their stuff... maybe some of you  will pick up a copy. Its perfect for the first-timer to the advanced  intermediate (whatever that is!). Those of you pros who do all your own  recipes from scratch (Im really jealous) probably wont learn too much,  other than maybe get an idea here and there. Let me know if you want a  specific recipe... Ill look it up if its there.    Serves 8-10 (regular folks!)    The night before the BBQ, combine the RUB ingredients in a bowl. Message  the pork well with HALF the RUB. Transfer the pork to a plastic bag, and  refrigerate overnight. Before Q-ing, give the butt another coating of rub.  Let it sit at room temperature for about 45 minutes. Prepare the smoker,  bringing it to 200 - 220 degrees F. (If you plan to baste (sop), stir the  remaining rub into the SOP and warm in a saucepan over low heat. Transfer  the pork to the smoker and cook for 1.5 hrs. per pound, or until internal  temp. reaches 170-180 degrees F. Mop the pork once an hour or as  appropriate for your style of smoker. Remove pork from smoker and let it  sit for 15 minutes... until cool enuf to handle. Pull off chunks of meat  and shred or chop. Serve with your favorite sauce. I like the following:    CAROLINA RED: Combine all and stir well. Serve at room temp. Keeps  indefinitely. I squirt it from a plastic squeeze ketchup bottle.    Posted to bbq-digest Digest V97 #039 by Jeff Lipsitt Cable  <Jeff.Lipsitt@ci.boston.ma.us> on Mar 20, 1997