To Roll Puff Onto Sheet Trays (Peggy Cullen)
See instructions, 
(for home size 11 x 17-inch sheet trays)    For thinly rolled dough (1/16-inch) used to make little pizzas start with  15 ounces (1/3 of the recipe). For thickly rolled dough (3/8-inch) used --  start with 22 ounce for everything else.    Line an 11 x 17-inch sheet tray with parchment paper. On a floured table,  roll the rectangle of dough to a length of 15 inches and a width of 10  inches. Dust off any excess flour. Roll the dough up onto the rolling pin  and transfer it to the sheet tray. Using a 10-inch rolling pin and rolling  gently from the center out, roll the dough to fit the tray. Make sure it is  even - with no lumpy edges. Rolling lightly and gently enables you to keep  it even. Shapes to cut out of the 3/8-inch thick dough: Bouchee: Cut 2 3  1/2-inch rounds of dough. Cut a 2 1/4-inch circle out of the second round.  Egg wash the first round. Place the ring from the second round over the  first so that the edges line up. Dock the edges and center with a fork.  Thin inner circle can be baked as well and used for a lid. Bouchee made  from special cutter: Use and cutter made especially for this purpose. It  has two cutting edges - one inside and shorter than the other that scores,  rather than cuts the dough. Criss-cross Tartlet: Cut a 5-inch square. Fold  it into a triangle and cut from each edge towards the apex, stopping about  1/2-inch short of the apex. The cut should be about 1/2-inch from the edge.  Open it up to the square and place on a cookie sheet. Egg wash the edges.  Bring one point over to the opposite corner of the inner square and press.  Bring the opposite point over and press. Press along the rim to seal. Dock  rim and center.  Puff Strip: From a sheet tray of frozen dough, cut a  rectangular piece 8" wide and the length of the sheet tray. Transfer it to  a paper lined cookie sheet. Using a pizza wheel, cut a 3/4" strip from each  edge. Egg wash the edges of the center piece and flip the cut strips onto  the egg washed edge. Dock the 2 rims with a fork, then dock down the  center.  Vol-au-Vent: Similar to above, but round. Press whatever size  round you want into the dough on the sheet tray. Lift and cut along the  circular impression with a pizza wheel. Center another round, and inch or  so smaller in diameter than the first over the circle of dough and press  lightly. Remove and cut along this line. Egg was the edge, as above, and  cut through the outer rim in one place. Place the rim over the center  circle, lining up the edges. Dock the rim with a fork, then dock the  center. Bake 20 to 25 minutes in a preheated 425 degree oven.  Recipe By     : BAKERS DOZEN (PEGGY CULLEN) SHOW #BD1A40    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #309    Date: Sat, 23 Nov 1996 22:46:58 -0600    From: Jackie Bordelon <jbord@premier.net>