Thanksgiving Sweet Potato Souffle
Pecans, Sugar, milk, margarine, Flour, sweet potatoes, TOPPING, milk, margarine, Vanilla, Eggs, Baking Powder, Brown sugar, Baking Powder, 
Mix all topping ingredients. Cut 2 pieces of waxed paper larger than the  top of your baking dish. On one piece, place the baking dish upside down.  With a table knife trace around the dish to get approximate size of baking  dish top. Place mixed topping ingredients in the center of this shape.  Place the second piece of waxed paper over the topping to the drawn shape.  Use a rolling pin to spread the topping to the drawn shape. (Remeber to  take into account if your dish flares at the top a little. You want the  topping to be able to go down into the dish to set on top of the mashed  potato mixture. Also, be careful not to roll the topping mixture too large,  as it will be frozen when you attempt to lay it on top of the potato  mixture.)    When size is accomplished and with waxed paper still intact, slide topping  onto a cookie sheet and place in freezer for 15 minutes or more to harden.  (This can be done the day before.) When ready, take from freezer.    Combine mashed sweet potatoes, white sugar, beaten eggs, 1/2 cup milk, 1  stick softened margarine, vanilla and 1 teaspoon baking powder. Pour into  greased baking dish deep enough to have room for sweet potatoes to "puff"  up. A 9 inch diameter baking dish works nicely.    Starting at one corner of top piece of waxed paper on frozen topping,  carefully pull paper from topping. Gently turn topping over onto the sweet  potato mixture and again pull wax paper from topping. Make certain that  topping goes to edges of baking dish as much as possible.    Bake approximately 30 minutes at 350 degrees.    Serves approximately 8-12 depending on how many children and large  appetitites you are feeding!    NOTES : Allow plenty of time to cook this. I found the recommended 30  minutes is not long enough.    Recipe by: Jerryn Hamill Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #553 by Shirley  Jordan <shirleyj@pacificrim.net> on Apr 5, 1997