The Rice of Sabbta Rina
Rice ( Long Grains), Margarin ***If you keep, Pine nuts, Vegetable oil, FIRST STEP, Granulated garlic, LAST STEP, Butter., Raisins (washed and dry by, (full) chicken soup powder, Salt, 
Before I give you my recipe,I want to clarify that "Jasmin Rice" came  originally from Thailand ,and it has long grains. Any rice that is round  grains are good only for Risoto,as it contains a lot of starch. Basmati  rice is the best kinds of rice ,It too has long grains,and is very suitable  for Indian dishes.    My family Loves to eat my rice. Whenever we are invited to our in laws for  dinner, I have to bring my rice. My grandchildren calls it "The Rice of  Sabbta Rina".(Sabbta in Hebrow is Grandma).    It is so easy to prepare.    Source: From my mother with love & more. By Rina.    First Step: I prepare rice in the morning and finish the last step 3/4 hour  before dinner. Again this preparation are good for working peoples, You can  even prepare a day before and keep in your refrigerator    In a large saucepan fill water ,more then half full. Bring to boil Add 1  tables of salt.    While waiting for the water to boil, wash rice and soak rice in water with  lemon juice from 1 lemon.    When water is boiling, drain rice in colander ,put in boiling water, stir  and bring to boil stirring from time to time , boil for 5 minutes,After 5  minutes bite into one grain ,it should be" al dente" like Pasta, Not soft,  but nearly so, If it is too hard continue to cook one more minute. Drain  immediately in a colander (Sieve) and wash in plenty of water, I put rice  back into the saucepan fill with water and drain again , I continue to do  so 2 - 3 times,At the end leave rice to drain in the sieve over a bowl for  a least 2 hours,    Last step: In a none sticky saucepan melt butter, margarine, and oil. Add  the raisins stir, lower heat, and add the chicken soup powder, granulated  garlic,and salt, stir. Add the rice and mix well. Add the pine nuts, mix  again so rice will be well blended with all other ingredients. Cover  well.Put on the lowest heat . mix from time to time till you serve.    >From my collections"From my mother with love & more.  Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #301 by ZVI&RINA PERRY  <pzvi@netvision.net.il> on