Three Fillings for Won Ton Wrappers
PUMPKIN PICADILLO EMPANADA, Wine vinegar, Golden raisins, Unsalted butter, pumpkin, Allspice, walnuts, Kosher salt, Cinnamon, Cayenne pepper, Mascarpone cheese, olive oil, Kosher salt, cabbage; red, Sugar, Wasabi mustard paste, Pimiento stuffed green, Pickled ginger, Green onions, RUSSIAN CABBAGE PIROGI, GINGER CHEESE BEGGARS, Vidalia onions, 
GINGER:  If mascarpone is unavailable, use a well-blended combination of  2/3 cream cheese and 1/3 ricotta cheese. Double the amount of wasabi, to  taste. Combine and let the mixture marry for at least an hour. CABBAGE. If  Vidalias are not in season, use a sweet yellow onion.  Peel, split, slice  the onions. Finely dice the cabbage. Heat a combination of butter and oil  and add the onions and cabbage. Slowly saute for about 20 minutes, until  the onions start to be translucent. Add salt and sugar. Continue to cook  slowly, stirring occassionally until the onions have turned a caramel  brown. This should take about an hour. Remove from heat and add the  vinegar. PUMPKIN. Combine all ingredients. (Thats all she wrote.)    Six-Course Theme Dinner - Hidden Surprises 1. International Sampler of Won  Ton, Pirogi, and Empanada 2. Russian Kulebiaka, an oblong pie of puff  pastry filled with layers of salmon, dilled rice and wild mushrooms, sliced  serving topped with a light dilled mushroom sauce 3. Individual loaf of  Tuscan Bread, scooped, filled with chicken liver pate and juniper berries.  Topped with quail, stuffed with Italian sausage. 4. Stuffed Leg of Lamb;  swiss chard, raisins, pine nuts and a cabernet sauce 5. Choice of salad of  field greens (red oak, tango, radicchio, mizuna, with a light balsamic  vinaigrette, or a pear half and a cube of Stilton cheese 6. Bombe - Coffee  Ice Cream crust, sponge cake and fudge sauce, toffee crunch, and vanilla  ice cream studded with bits of amaretti cookies.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #167    Date: Wed, 24 Jul 1996 11:42:04 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>  NOTES : The main things to remember about carmelizing onions and cabbage       is       to take your time. Time is an ingredient.