The Best Mincemeat Pie
Fresh ground nutmeg, Apples, Currants, Molasses, Ground cinnamon, Salt, Sherry, Bourbon, Lemon, Almonds, PASTRY, Vanilla extract, Orange, Pecans, Golden raisins, MINCEMEAT, Ground allspice, SWEETENED WHIPPED CREAM, Beef suet, Best Pie Pastry, Brandy, Dark brown sugar, Ground mace, Walnuts, Butter, Heavy cream, Granulated sugar, Ground cloves, Raisins, 
PREPARATION: For the mincemeat, grate zest from the lemon and orange into a  large bowl. Squeeze in the juice from each. Chop the beef suet, almonds,  pecans, and walnuts and put into the bowl. Add raisins, currants, molasses,  brown sugar, spices, salt, and liquors. Peel, core, and chop the apples.  Add apples to the mixture.    Put the mincemeat in a covered container in the refrigerator for at least 2  days. For best results, store for at least a week.    Mincemeat can be made several months ahead.    Make the Best Pie Pastry.    Heat oven to 425F. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the larger  disc of dough and fit pastry into 9-inch pie pan. Put the mincemeat into  the pie shell. Cut the tablespoon of butter into pieces and dot the top of  the mincemeat.    Roll out the remaining dough. With a sharp knife or a serrated pastry  wheel, cut rolled-out pastry into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Arrange half of the  strips on top of the pie, twisting each gently. Add the remaining strips  across the first strips to form a lattice. Trim off excess dough and flute  or crimp edges.    Bake pie in oven for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 350F and continue to bake  until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbly, about 40 minutes.    Pie can be baked several hours before serving.    For the Sweetened Whipped Cream, put the heavy cream, sugar, and vanilla in  a bowl and whip until the cream holds soft peaks.    Cream can be whipped an hour ahead.    SERVING: Serve warm or at room temperature with a big dollop of whipped  cream on each slice.    Yield: 1 9-inch pie    Prep Time: More than a day    NOTES : Wintery fruits, nuts and spices with fresh apples. You may want to  make this mincemeat in a larger quantity. Stored in an air-tight container  in the refrigerator, it keeps for several months. Since the mincemeat  improves with age, make it at least a week ahead for a superb pie filling.  Add a few tablespoons of each of the alcohol flavorings if the mincemeat  seems dry.  Recipe by: Cooks Magazine November 1987    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 295 by "Christopher E. Eaves"  <cea260@airmail.net> on Nov 23, 97