Three-Herb Fettuccine with Vegetables and Shaved Asiago
olive oil, Thinly sliced fresh basil, Shaved Asiago cheese, Sliced green onions,, Sugar snap peas, Garlic, Canned vegetable broth, Black Pepper, Chopped spinach, divided, Zucchini, (3 cups) halved, Salt, Chopped fresh chives, Chopped fresh oregano, Hot cooked fresh fettuccine, Fresh herbs, (optional), Green tomatoes, peeled,, 
Trim ends from peas, and remove strings.    Drop peas into a Dutch oven of boiling water; cook 30 seconds. Drain and  rinse under cold water.    Heat oil in pan over medium heat. Add garlic; saute 1 minute. Add peas,  1-1/4 cups spinach, green onions, and zucchini; saute 2 minutes. Add broth  and tomatoes; cook 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add remaining spinach,  basil, chives, oregano, salt, and pepper; cook 1 minute, stirring  occasionally. Yield: 6 servings (serving size: 1 cup pasta, 1 cup vegetable  mixture, and 1/2 ounce cheese).    Per serving: 484 Calories; 9g Fat (16% calories from fat); 21g Protein; 81g  Carbohydrate; 13mg Cholesterol; 436mg Sodium    Serving Ideas : Garnish with fresh herbs, if desired.    NOTES : From Chef Charles Palmer of Aureole. Over the last six years,  Aureole has become a New York institution with a worldwide reputation for  its progressive American cuisine. Before opening Aureole, Charles Palmer  was executive chef at the River Cafe in Brooklyn, where he earned a  reputation as one of Americas most creative culinary talents. Set in a  townhouse overlooking a garden, Aureole was rated number one for top  American cuisine by the 1994 Zagat Survey. Chefs note: "I really like the  edge that the sharp Asiago adds when shaved over the pasta. However, you  can use whatever grating cheese you like, or use none at all! P.S. If you  use dried pasta, remember to adjust the cooking time." To serve, spoon  vegetable mixture over pasta, and top with cheese.    Recipe by: Cooking Light, Jul/Aug 1995, page 119    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #454 by igor@digex.net on Jan 28, 1997.