The Concoction
Chocolate Bell; picked this, White onion, Cumin, Beefsteak tomatoes;, Red onion, Salt, Green Jalapano; just, Golden Bell Pepper; bought, Lime; squeezed and pulped, Serrano Grande (red); just, Fresh celantro, Red Bell; Store bougth, Mystery pepper, 
From: "Robert H. Lynch" <rhlynch@erols.com>    Date: Sat, 31 Aug 1996 11:23:50 -0400  Over the last few years I have visited Peppers in Dewey beach in October  and while there recieved various fresh pepper (Red Savina, Red Congo, Black  Congo and others which I dont really remember). When I returned home I  split the peppers and extracted and dried the seeds. Over the years the  seeds got knocked around and mixed up. This spring i decided it was time to  do something so I filled a planter box with potting soil and planted about  60 seeds. A month or so later I noticed 5 little sprouts. Yea! I have since  been caring for these guys,  water, Miracle Grow, repotting, etc.and have  been rewarded with 4 producing plants.I dont know what I have.    Three of the plants are light green and producing hab looking fruit.  The  bottom leaves are the largest I have ever seen on a pepper plant. They are  kind of heart shapped and some are about 4" wide and 5" long.  The stalks  are probably 1/2 thick and only about 15" high. The fruit are bright lime  green and have been for several weeks. I found one with some holes in it  and picked it. After removing the small worm and larvae(sp.) I could not  bring myself to trash what was left so I tried a little taste. WOW!!! I can  handle habs, Daves in half dime sized drops, et al but this made mt teeth  hurt and my tounge felt like it was going to blister.    Anyone have any ideas?    I chopped all the ingredients except for the tomatoes and stuck in the  blender and pulsed with the chop button.  Chopped the tomatoes.  Dumped the  blender mix into the tomats and an on my way to sample somemore.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #090    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.