Tirami Su Eclairs
Granulated sugar, GLAZE, Light rum, Instant coffee, Eggs, MASCARPONE FILLING, Unsalted butter, Heavy cream, Heavy cream, Ground cinnamon, Mascarpone cheese, Granulated sugar, ECLAIR DOUGH, All-Purpose Flour, Water, 
YIELD: 8 eclairs DIFFICULTY: ** PREPARATION: 1 hour plus baking, cooling  and chilling times    Make the eclairs:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.  Line two baking sheets with baking parchment.    2.In a glass measuring cup, stir the eggs with a fork until blended. Pour  approximately 2 tablespoons of the beaten eggs into a small cup, leaving  1/2 cup of the egg mixture in the measuring cup.    3.In a medium heavy saucepan, combine the water, butter and sugar. Over  medium heat, stirring occasionally, heat the water mixture until the butter  has melted. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring the mixture to a  boil. Remove the pan from the heat.    4.Using a wire whisk, stir in the flour, coffee and cinnamon. Whisk  vigorously for 20 to 30 seconds, until the mixture is smooth and pulls away  from the side of the pan. Return the pan to the heat and stirring  constantly with a wooden spoon, cook for 30 to 60 seconds, until the paste  forms a very smooth ball. Transfer the paste to a large bowl.    5.Pour the reserved 1/2 cup of beaten eggs over the paste and beat  vigorously with a wooden spoon for 45 to 60 seconds, until the mixture  forms a smooth, soft dough. The dough should hold its shape when scooped up  with a spoon but be soft enough to slowly slide off the spoon when tilted.  If the dough does not slide off the spoon, add 1/2 tablespoon of the  reserved egg mixture, beat until smooth and retest the dough with a spoon.  The remaining 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons of egg will be used to glaze the tops  of the eclairs before they are baked.    6.Fill a pastry bag fitted with a 5/16-inch plain tip (such as Ateco #3)  with the eclair dough. Pipe 5-inch strips approximately 1/2-inch wide on  the prepared baking sheets, leaving about 1 1/2 inches between eclairs. Dip  your finger in some of the remaining beaten egg and gently smooth down any  "tails" left from piping. Lightly brush the tops of the eclairs with more  of the egg.    7.Bake the eclairs, one baking sheet at a time, for 10 minutes, propping  the oven door open about 2 inches with the handle of a wooden spoon. Reduce  the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and close the oven door. Continue  baking the eclairs for 20 to 25 minutes, until they are crisp. Transfer the  eclairs to a wire rack and cool completely. The eclairs may be prepared up  to this point and stored in an airtight container at room temperature for  one day or in the freezer for up to one month.    Make the mascarpone filling:    1.In a large bowl, whisk together the cheese, heavy cream and sugar until  smooth. Stir in rum.    Make the glaze:    1.In a small bowl combine confectioners sugar with heavy cream. Stir until  smooth. Assemble and glaze the eclairs:    1.Slice eclairs in half; remove any moist dough. Fill each eclair with  about three tablespoons filling. Replace top of each eclair. Spread glaze  over top of each eclair; dust with sifted cocoa powder and garnish with  whipped cream, if desired.    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #189 by docden <docden@mnl.v-link.net> on  Aug 15, 1997