The Vegetarian Restaurants Lemon Poppyseed C
Pastry flour, unbleached, Eggs, 1" x 1/8" lemon zest, Vanilla, GLAZE, milk, Poppyseeds, Demerara sugar, Sunflower seed oil, Demerara sugar, Baking Powder, Lemon zest, Salt, Lemon juice, fresh, 
1. In electric mixer; blend oil, 1 cup demarara sugar ( substitute  granulated sugar plus a little molasses) and eggs. Add milk and vanilla.  Blend.     2. Sift flour, baking powder together. Add salt and poppy seeds. On low  speed add dry ingredients to wet and blend just until combined.     3. Fold in lemon zest by hand. Pour batter into an oiled 6 to 8 cup bundt  pan. Bake in a 350F oven for 40 to 50 minutes or until done.    4. To make glaze, combine the 1/2 cup demarara sugar and lemon juice. Heat,  stirring until sugar is just dissolved.     5. Remove cake from oven, cool 10 minutes then invert onto plate. Using a  fork, poke holes over entire surface of cake and carefull pour on the  glaze. Let soak before serving. Decorate with slivers of lemon zest. Makes  8 to 10 servings.   This dish was published by Toronto Star Starweek, Mary McGraths Chefs  Showcase in the issue of February 26 to March 5, 1994.     The recipe was requested by Diane Silver of Willowdale, Ontario who  writes:     The Lemon Poppyseed Cake at The Vegetarian Restaurant ( 4 Dundonald St.,  Toronto, (416) 961-9522 is "absolutely enjoyable and I am hoping you can  publish their version of this classic cake for me".     "We are pleased to share this recipe and suspect the request came because  the cake is unusually moist and has a wonderful strong lemon flavour", says  Susan Stachyra, who manages the bakeshop where desserts for the downtown  restaurant and The West End Vegetarian Restaurant are turned out. Before  getting into the baking business 1 1/2 years ago, the former school teacher  from North Bay, Ontario says that baking was a hobby. Typed into Meal  Master format by Eric Decker March 19, 1994.     Editors note: If there is any way humanly possible: use real demerara  sugar. Take my word for it, it is near impossible to duplicate it by adding  molasses to granulated sugar. It looks okay but the flavour just is NOT  right for the purist. Posted by Eric to Fido Cooking Echo, March 20, 1994  Internet Email: eric.decker@canrem.com or Fido NetMail 1:229/15