Thick and Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies
Brown sugar, Vanilla extract, Baking soda, , Egg, Salt, Unsalted butter, Granulated sugar, Semi sweet chocolate chips, 
by Gail Nagele-Hopkins.  makes 1 1/2 dozen 3-inch cookies    You can substitute white, milk chocolate, or peanut butter chips for the  semi- or bittersweet chips called for in the recipe.  In addition to chips,  you can flavor the dough with one cup of nuts, raisins, or shredded  coconut.    1. Heat oven to 325 F.  Adjust oven racks to upper- and lower-middle  positions.  Mix flour, salt, and baking soda together in medium bowl; set  aside.    2. Either by hand or with electric mixer, mix butter and sugars until  thoroughly blended.  Mix in egg, yolk, and vanilla.  Add dry ingredients;  mix until just combined.  Stir in chips to taste.    3. Form scant 1/4 cup dough into ball.  Holding dough ball using fingertips  of both hands, pull into two equal halves.  Rotate halves ninety degrees  and, with jagged surfaces exposed, join halves together at their base,  again forming a single cookie, being careful not to smooth doughs uneven  surface.  Place formed dough onto one of two parchment paper-lined  20-by-14- inch lipless cookie sheets, about nine dough balls per sheet.  Smaller cookies sheets can be used, but fewer cookies can be baked at one  time and baking time may need to be adjusted. (The more cookies in the  oven, the longer they will take to bake.) (Dough can be refrigerated up to  2 days or frozen up to one month - shaped or not.)    4. Bake, reversing cookie sheets positions halfway through baking, until  cookies are light golden brown and outer edges start to harden yet centers  are still soft and puffy, 15 to 18 minutes (start checking at 13 minutes.)  (Frozen dough requires an extra 1 to 2 minutes baking time.)  Cool cookies  on cookie sheets.  Serve or store in airtight container.    Posted to EAT-L Digest  1 November 96    Date:    Sat, 2 Nov 1996 14:07:40 -0900    From:    "Rachel in Juneau, Alaska" <RSpence@PTIALASKA.NET>