The Great Gluten Turkey, Pt 1
Round circles chinese bean, Yeast flakes, Marjoram, Margarine, Sage, Tarragon, Sage, Great Glutten Dressing, Garlic powder, Stalks celery, chopped, Reserved gluten stock, Salt, Celery seed, White wine, Thyme, Mushrooms, sliced, Bread crumbs, Salt, Turmeric, Light yeast flavoring, Flour, White wine, Several dashes soy sauce, Stuffing of choice, Rosemary, Vegetable stock, Gravey For "Turkey", Margarine, Light yeast flavoring, Onion powder, Whole wheat flour, Paprika, Margarine, Yard cheese cloth, Water, Large onion, chopped, Light Yeast Flovoring, Ginger, Black pepper, Marjoram, Light Yeast Flavoring, Thyme, 
The yuba must be soaked and reconstituted to a soft, pliable texture before  using.  It is best to put individual sheets between wet towels until they  turn soft and white in color. They are then ready to use. Using either  wheat flour or vital wheat gluten flour, make gluten according to the  recipe.  Roll it out into a rectangle approximately 15 inches long and 8 to  10 inches wide. Sprinkle with 1/3 cup yeast flavoring (unless youve added  it in with your vital wheat gluten). Roll it up lengthwise. Spread out the  cheesecloth and place the glutten roll in the middle. Wrap the sides of the  cloth around the glutten roll first, then tie the ends together. It should  be wrapped fairly loosely so that the gluten can expand a little while  cooking but not so loose that it expands too much and becomes too soft and  spongy in texture. Place the roll in a large pot. Pour over it the gallon  of water and the remaining 2/3 cup yeast flavoring. Cover bring to a boil,  turn down the heat and simmer for 1 1/2 hours. This process can be done up  to two days before serving. Prepare the stuffing of your choice. Remove the  gluten roll from the stock, saving the stock for gravy. Untie and remove  the cheesecloth. Unroll the "turkey" and fill it with the stuffing, or  mound the stuffing on a large greased baking sheet and place the gluten  around it.  Place the stuffed gluten on a large greased baking sheet.  Reconstitute the yuba as mentioned before, by soaking for 5 minutes in  water in a flat, shallow dish or between layors of wet towels. It will turn  white and be pliable but will still be fragile. Cover the "turkey" with two  to three layers of yuba. Melt the margarine and brush the entire "turkey"  with some of it.  Pour the wine into the remaining margarine: this will be  used for basting while baking. If desired, 2 tablespoons of the yeast  flavoring can be added to the margarine-wine mixture to give it an even  more authentic flavor.    continued, see part two    