Tiramisu #04
Egg yolks, Sugar, Egg whites, Mascarpone, Grated bittersweet chocolate, Italian espresso coffee, Savoiardi biscuits (i.e., 
From: viv@higgs.ph.unimelb.edu.au (Viviane Buzzi)    Date: Wed, 9 Feb 94 23:32:26 +1100  This is in response to a request by Greg Gable for a recipe for tiramisu`.  this recipe was given to me by my aunt Lucia in Italy.  It is the standard  one i have always used except that I have modified it a bit...hopefully for  the better! Enjoy...    NOTE: For the coffee, make about 2 cups of coffee (you may need more...it  depends on how the biscuits absorb the liquid) and add a bit of sugar and  some cognac or sambuca or other liqueur...Grand Marnier is very good or  Strega would be fantastic. Add it to taste, but remember that the flavour  will intensify as it is chilled so dont go overboard with the spirits!!  Stir the coffee to let the sugar dissolve and let cool.    Beat the mascarpone, sugar and the egg yolks on medium speed for about 15  minutes until it is light and smooth.  Beat the egg whites to stiff peaks  and very gently fold into the mascarpone mixture. It should be like a rich  mousse mixture at this stage. Dip the sponge fingers into the cooled coffee  until well impregnated with the coffee (otherwise you will have layers of  dry biscuits) and make a layer of biscuits in a dish or on a serving  plate...about 6 biscuits side by side if using large savoiardi. Follow with  a layer of the mascarpone cream, one of biscuits etc until the cream is  used up.  The final layer should of course be of mascarpone cream. I like  to make it with 2 layers of biscuit and 2 of cream and use the remaining  cream to cover the sides of the tiramisu` if making it freestanding.  Refrigerate for at least a few hours or overnight to allow the flavours to  develop.  Before serving, sift some cocoa over the top or cover the top  with grated chocolate (I think it looks prettier and tastes better this  way).  You can even coarsely chop some nuts..hazelnuts, walnuts or almonds  and coat the sides of the tiramisu` as you would a cake...be careful in  doing this as it is not traditionally a freestanding dessert. It looks good  for a special occasion though.    This recipe serves 6 people but you can double it for 12 etc.    NB: Some people like to make tiramisu` using pan di spagna...sponge cake,  rather than the savoiardi...or even with Pavesini (a brand of plain Italian  biscuits) and all are very nice....I still think using the savoiardi is the  best though. Buon Appetito!!    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /DESSERTS    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.