Thanksgiving Day Tofu
Vogue Vegy Base, Dried basil, Water, Water, SAGE DRESSING, Vogue Vegy Base, Agar flakes; -=OR=-, Ground sage, Arrowroot, Barley malt syrup, White pepper, Sea salt, Tofu, -Agar powder, Black pepper, Finely diced celery, Cubed dry whole wheat bread, Sea salt, Finely diced onions, Finely diced carrots, Garlic, Unrefined corn oil, 
This is a superb substitute for the traditional Thanksgiving turkey. Its  also good for other times of the year! Its really the dressing that  carries this dish. The corn oil gives it that wonderful buttery taste that  poultry dressing usually has.    Wash the tofu, pat it dry, and cut it into small pieces. Put the tofu,  arrowroot, soup base, salt, pepper, and agar flakes in a food processor and  blend to a smooth paste. Oil and flour the loaf pan (or line it with baking  liner paper after oiling).  Spread a layer of tofu paste inside the pan,  lining the bottom and all four sides. (Spread only a thin layer on the  ends.)  Use all but about 1 cup of the paste.    Firmly but gently press the dressing into the pan, on top of the tofu paste  "liner".  Try to avoid displacing the tofu. Cover the dressing with the  remaining tofu, carefully sealing the edges.  Cover the pan with foil,  making certain the foil doesnt come in contact with the tofu. (The tofu  will eat into the foil.)    Bake in a preheated oven at 350 F for 30 to 40 minutes. Then remove the  foil cover, glaze the top of the loaf with the dissolved barley malt syrup,  turn the oven up to 450 F, and continue baking for 10 minutes. Remove from  oven and allow the loaf to cool for about 10 minutes. Unmold, slice, and  serve hot with a sauce of your choice.    SAGE DRESSING:  Saute onions, celery, carrots, and garlic in oil for 5  minutes.  Add the sage, basil, soup base, salt and pepper, and continue  cooking 5 minutes longer.    Add the water and bring to a simmer.  Stir in the bread crumbs and cook for  a few minutes.  Then remove from heat.    Source: Friendly Foods - by Brother Ron Pickarski, O.F.M. ISBN:  0-89815-377-8 Typed by Karen Mintzias    