Thai-Style Seafood Casserole with Basil
Oyster sauce, Garlic, Rice wine, or dry sherry, Medium shrimp (36 to 40, Thai sweet basil leaves, To 1/2 cup water, Dungeness crabs [Or a, Red chilies, chopped into, Green onions, cut into, Fresh fish filets, cut into, Dungeness crabs are BIG!, Sugar, Asian sesame oil, Dried mung bean thread, Vegetable oil, Black peppercorns, Slices of ginger, crushed, Fresh coriander sprigs, Large squid, cleaned, cut, Golden Mountain Sauce, or, Chopped fresh coriander root, Light soy sauce, or Thai, 
Thailand is truly a place for seafood lovers.  There is water  everywhere in Bangkok++even in the dry season.  And everywhere there  is water, the Thais use it to grow something to eat!  Add to that the  fact that the Gulf of Thailand is not far away from the city and it  all adds up to good eatin for seafood lovers!  The following recipe  is typical of the bewildering variety of cioppino and jambalaya type  seafood stews found there++and each one seems better than the last.  The recipe is from Joyce Jues delightful San Francisco Chronicle  column (3/13/91).  It calls for the dish to be cooked in a Chinese  "sandy" pot.  Dont gots one? Not to worry++use whatever you have on  hand++wok, Dutch oven, stockpot...    (And yes, Marge++there are tentacles in this!)    Put the mung beans into a bowl and cover with warm water; soak until  soft and pliable, about 10 minutes.  Drain.  Set aside. If you are  using a cooked crab, have the fishmonger crack it into large pieces.    To clean a live crab, be careful, and use a brush to scrub its  underside and between the claws and legs to loosen the sand and grit.  Rinse thoroughly with cold water.  Plunge the crab into boiling water  for a minute to kill it.  Remove.  When cool, clean, disjoint and  chop the crab into large chunks.    In a mortar or spice mill, pound or grind the peppercorns first, then  add the coriander root and garlic, and work it into a paste.  Mix  together the sugar, Golden Mountain, soy and oyster sauces, rice wine  and sesame oil in a bowl.    Pour the vegetable oil into a 3 1/2-quart sandy clay pot casserole  (or a Dutch oven) and set over medium heat.  Add the  coriander-garlic- pepper paste and saute lightly.    Increase the heat to high.  Add ginger, chiles and raw crab pieces;  toss and brown for a minute.  Add the shrimp an green onions to crab  mixture; stir-fry for 30 seconds.  Pour in the soy sauce mixture and  mung bean noodles; toss and mix together.  Stir in the water, cover  pot, reduce heat to medium and braise for 8 minutes, stirring  occasionally. If the noodles seem dry, add more water.    Increase heat to medium-high, and gently stir in the fish and squid  (and cooked crab if using), mix with the noodles, top with the basil  leaves. Cover and cook for 3 to 5 minutes longer.  Check for  doneness. Garnish with fresh coriander sprigs.  Bring the clay pot to  the table and serve hot with rice and vegetables.    Serves 4.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; March 14 1991.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip