The Original Pineapple Upside Down Cake
Sugar, Eggs, milk, Salt, Flour, Baking Powder, Vanilla, Whipped cream, Maraschino cherries, Brown sugar, pineapple, Butter, Butter, 
This is the authentic recipe that won in Doles first recipe contest. It  launched Pineapple Upside Down Cake on its way to fame. Its very good -  and very sweet, as most desserts were in those days.    In 1925 the Hawaiian Pineapple Company, as Dole was known then, ran an ad  for a recipe contest, seeking creative and original recipes using  pineapple. The chosen recipes would be published in a cookbook titled  Pineapple as 100 Good Cooks Serve It. The book, published in 1926 contains  a recipe for "Upside Down Cake," from Mrs. Robert Davis of Norfolk  Virginia.    The contest drew a response of 60,000 recipes - 2,500 of which were for  Pineapple Upside Down Cake. A $50 cash prize was given for each of the 100  recipes that were chosen for the cookbook. The contest ad ran just once in  nine womens magazines including Womans Home Companion, McCalls and  Modern Priscilla.    Since 2,500 Upside Down Cake recipes were submitted, its obvious the  concept was not new. But the contest certainly gave the recipe the  widespread publicity. The company ran ads about the unusual response of  recipes for Pineapple Upside Down Cakes - which gained the dish even more  notoriety. Talk about the power of advertising!    Drain the juice from 1 large can either Crushed or Sliced Hawaiian  Pineapple. Sift 2 cups flour. Sift again with 2 teaspoons baking powder and  1/2 teaspoon salt. Cream 1/2 cup butter or substitute, gradually add 1 cup  sugar; cream well. Beat yolks and whites of 2 eggs separately.    Add yolks to creamed mixture; mix well, then add flour and 1/2 cup milk  alternately, mixing well. Fold the 2 beaten egg whites and 1 teaspoon  vanilla.    Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large frying pan. Spread 1 cup of brown sugar  over pan. Add pineapple (if Sliced is used, place slices closely together  on the sugar; if crushed, simply pour in the well-drained fruit).    Pour cake batter over fruit. Bake 45 minutes. Turn upside-down on serving  dish and garnish with maraschino cherries. Whipped cream may be spread over  top.    SOURCE: Dole Packaged Food Company    Posted to Recipe Page 08 Dec 96    From: Gourmet Connection <capco@norwich.net>    Date: Sun, 08 Dec 1996 04:30:34 +0500