The Ultimate Sandwich Bun
Warm water, Salt, Warm milk, Flour, Large Loaf:, Yeast, Unsalted butter, Packed light brown sugar, Egg, 
Until now I never had any bread recipes that I felt were outstanding enough  to post to the bread list.  Today that all changed! I have just made the  most incredible sandwich bun/hamburger bun/frankfurter rolls recipe! Ive  been searching and searching for a good sandwich bun recipe for quite a  while now.  Everything I made up until now has been unacceptable. Many  recipes tasted too sweet, too chewy, or too dry to make truly versatile  buns.  Ive finally found a bun recipe that gives me light, flakey buns  with just a light bread taste so as not to disguise the flavours of the  sandwich or hamburger. Here it is (Hitatchi breadmaker large "loaf"):    Throw everything in the breadmaker and set to "dough".  When dough cycle is  finished, turn the dough out onto a very lightly floured kneading surface  and knead just enough to expel air. Form into a ball, cover with a towel,  and let rest 10 minutes.    To make hamburger or sandwich buns, halve the dough and refrigerate one  piece, wrapped in plastic, to prevent it from rising too much as you shape  the first half.  Roll out the remaining half of the dough 1/2 inch thick  and cut into rounds.  For large buns use a canning-jar screw band (3 1/2  inches across); for medium buns use a large sized biscuit cutter (2 3/4  inches across).    Place the rounds of dough on a lightly greased baking sheet about 1 inch  apart.  Cover with a towel and let rise until doubled while you roll and  shape the second half of the dough into more buns.    To shape into frankfurter rolls, roll the whole dough into a sheet 1/2 inch  thick by 15 inches long by 8 inches wide.  With a sharp knife or a pastry  wheel, trim the edges and divide the dough crosswise into 3 sections each  about 5 inches long.  Cut each section into 6 streps aobut 5 inches long  and 1 1/4 inches wide.    Flatten each dough strip until it is 2 inches wide and fold it firmly in  half lenghtwise, with the seam at the side.  Round the tips of the rolls  with your fingers and lay them 1/2 inch apart in rows on a greased baking  sheet.  Leave an inch around the edges of the pan and an inch between rows.    While the buns are rising, preheat the oven to 400 degrees.  Melt some  butter and brush the tops of the buns.  Bake them for 18 to 20 minutes for  hamburger or sandwich buns (rounds) or 12 to 15 minutes for hotdog buns  (longs).  The buns are done when the tops and bottoms are a good golden  brown.    If you like extra soft, tasty buns then brush them again with butter and  cool, covered with towels, on racks.  Makes about 10 large buns or 15  medium-sized ones.    Thats it!  Happy burger flipping!  From: Bread-Bakers Archives: ftp.best.com/pub/reggie/archives/bread/recipe    Recipe By     : close@lunch.wpd.sgi.com (Diane Barlow Close)