The Mole of Santa Clara
Chipotle pepper, Salt, Toasted sesame kernels, Mulato chiles, Whole unblanched almonds, Sesame seeds, Fresh ground black pepper;, Cinnamon; ground, Peanut oil; up to 1/2 cup, Onion; sliced paper thin in, Chicken breasts without, Seedless dark raisins, Bittersweet chocolate;, Ancho chiles, Anise seed; ground, GARNISH, Fresh cilantro; minced, Pasilla chiles, Tomato; coarsely chopped, Brown sugar, Cloves; ground, SAUCE, 
Prepare the Meat: Put poultry in a stockpot with 4 cups of cool water.  Bring to a boil, skim foam off top, reduce heat and simmer until tender  (about 1-1/2 hours). When poultry is done, remove it and refrigerate (or  freeze if preparing for later use). Strain stock into a bowl, cover and  refrigerate. After stock has chilled, skim off top. Reserve stock for later  use in the recipe.    Sauce: Pull out the tops of the dried chiles by the stems. Tear chiles into  strips. Remove all seeds and veins. Reserve 1 to 3 tablespoons of the seeds  (depending on how hot you want the mole to be).    If the chiles are too dry to tear apart, cover them with boiling water and  soak a few minutes until softened.    Put 1 or 2 tablespoons of oil into a large skillet or pot over high heat.  Fry the chile strips, reserved chile seeds, almonds, raisins, sesame seeds,  tomato and garlic in batches until the chiles have changed color and  stiffen. Be sure and fry the chipotle thoroughly, or it will be too hot.  (This is a very hot pepper and you might not want to add the full amount of  reserved chile seeds to the dish, depending on your tolerance for heat).    After each batch is fried, transfer to a food processor and add a ladle of  stock. Process mixture to a coarse paste. Continue until batches have been  processed.    Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil to the pan, and place over medium heat. Add  all of the chile paste. As the paste cooks, stir in the salt, anise,  cilantro, salt, cinnamon, black pepper and cloves. Be careful or the  mixture will spatter all over the stove and floor. Add stock, a ladleful at  a time, mixing after each addition, until sauce is smooth and thick enough  to coat the back of a metal spoon.    Add chocolate and brown sugar. Stir until chocolate is melted and sugar is  dissolved in the sauce. Simmer at least 40 minutes over very low heat,  stirring occasionally.    Finishing and Serving: Cut chicken into medium-sized slices. Add to mole in  skillet or stewpot and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until  poultry is heated throughout.    Serve hot, garnished with toasted sesame seeks and fresh onion slices.    If making mole in advance, refrigerate or freeze the sauce (separately from  the meat), then re-heat and serve sauce and meat together as above.    Per serving: 445 Calories; 13g Fat (26% calories from fat); 56g Protein;  29g Carbohydrate; 126mg Cholesterol; 584mg Sodium    NOTES : Recipe Source: Chile Pepper, Feb 1998    Recipe by: Ron West    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "Linda V.E." <Fundwell@excel.net> on Mar 25,  1998