The Kodars Green-Chilli Chicken
Sugar, Cube fresh ginger, peeled, Salt, Chicken, skinned and cut, Red chilli powder (cayenne, Fresh or dried curry leaves, Lemon juice, Cloves garlic, finely, Ground turmeric, Fresh, hot green chillies, 5, Tomatoes, chopped, Cup shallots, peeled and, 
>From Madhur Jaffreys A TASTE OF INDIA    This superb dish comes from the Jewish community in Cochin where it is  often served for the Friday night dinner, accompanied by Plain Rice or  slices of bread . . . It may be made a day ahead and refrigerated. Its  flavor improves as it sits.    When cutting up the chicken, cut the breasts into 6 pieces and each leg  into 3 or 4.    Add a quarter tsp of salt and all the sugar to the lemonjuice. Set aside.  Over a medium-high flame, heat the oil in a heavy, casserole-type pan. When  hot, put in the curry leaves. Let them sizzle for a couple of seconds. Add  shallots, garlic, ginger and the 5 chillies cut into rings. Stir and fry  for 5-6 minutes, or until the shallots have browned lightly.    Now put in the tomatoes. Keep stirring and frying for another 4 minutes or  until the tomatoes have turned soft and have started to brown. Add the  turmeric and chilli powder (cayenne) and giv a quick stir. Now put in the  chicken and remaining salt. Give the chicken a stir. Add 1.25 cups of water  and bring to a simmer. Cover tightly, turn the heat to low and cook for 20  minutes. Stir the chicken once during this time.    Add the slivers of green chilli, cover again and cook for another 5  minutes. Remove the lid. Add the lemon juice mixture. Stir the chicken  gently to mix. Turn the heat tomedium and cook, uncovered, for 10 minutes  so the sauce can reduce a bit. As it oes so, keep spooning the sauce over  the top of the chicken. Take care that the chicken doesnt stick to the  bottom of the pan.    Spoon off some of the surplus fat from the top of the dish before you serve  it. (You might want to let it cool, and skim the fat off then).    Serves 4    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #004    From: MemVovShin@aol.com    Date: Sun, 5 Jan 1997 10:34:50 -0500