The Chili Heat Index
The Chili Heat Index, 
The staff of the WHOLE CHILE PEPPER magazine, (Albuquerque, NM) has  developed a heat index for chiles. The scale rates chiles from 1 to 10,  with 1 being the mildest, and 10 the hottest. The ratings are verified by  high pressure liquefied chromatography (HPLC) testing, which measures  capsaicin in chiles in parts per million. Chiles (and there are hundreds of  different ones) come fresh......and dried...and they have different names  for the same chile, when fresh and when dried. Below are listed some of the  most common..and their heat rating.... 1. JALAPENO, 5 on the heat list. My  favorite flavor. Theyre to die for stuffed!. In Mex markets. 2. POBLANO.  3-4 on heat list.The one used for stuffing     in Chili Rellenos.  Wonderful! These are what you probably get when you buy canned. I always  keep dried to put in sauces. Called ANCHO chiles when dried. 3. SERRANO 6-7  on heat list.  The favorite chile in Northern Mexico. Substitute Jalapeno  is you like less heat. 4. VERDE, ANAHEIM, OR CALIFORNIO. 2 on the heat  scale.  A good place to start. 5. CHILE DE ARBOL.  7 on the scale. You  could substitute 1/4 tsp. of cayenne for each chile. 6. CHIPOTLE A dried  jalapeno. Great for making adobo sauce. Comes in dried form or canned,  pickled, with adobo sauce. For a short-cut , mix 6 pickled jalapenos with  1/3 cup tomato sauce and 1 tsp. liquid smoke. 7. JAPONES. 6-7 on scale.  Often described as a dried chile serrano. Same heat scale. Experts (not me)  say its small cayenne variety, some say piquin varity. 8. PASILLA. 3 to 4  on scale.  Similar to ancho, but thinner and darker. A GREAT chile! 9.  PIQUIN AND CHILE TEPIN.  The same chiles, just different size and shape. 8  to 9 on scale. Only Superman eats these. Thats it. Just read an  interesting way to skin chiles. Going to try it tomorrow....maybe the next  day.  Take chile and in a deep saucepan put in about 1 inch of oil. When  hot....put in chile, and cook (turning frequently) until almost white. Take  out, and put in plastic bag to soften, then peel.    Recipe By     : RUBYdakoda    From: Emory!hpclbis.Cup.Hp.Com!juliar@sdate: Thu, 17 Mar 94 16:11:22 -0800    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip