The Chocolate Dome
Cocoa Powder -- in a fine, Fresh Raspberries, Fresh Raspberries, For Decoration-----, Sieve, Melted, For The Cake-Baking, Flour -- or more, Semisweet Chocolate, Lemon, Orange O, Granulated sugar, Unsalted Butter -- softened, To 8, Cake Flour -- sifted, Heavy Cream -- chilled, Sweetened to taste, Bowl-----, Fresh Lemon Juice, Semisweet Chocolate --, Raspberry Sauce-----, Sugar -- or more, Eggs, Fresh Green Leaves Such As, Fresh Orange Juice --, Grand Marnier -- (optional), 
Preparing the Genoise Sponge Cake:  Preliminaries. Using the pastry brush,  butter an 8-inch (4 cup) stainless steel bowl (one you can bake in) quite  generously and coat with flour (knock out the excess).    Preheat oven to 350 F.  Cake batter:  Beat eggs and sugar in bowl of mixer  for 5 minutes until thick, fluffy and tripled in volume. Rapidly sift and  fold in flour with big rubber spatula and scoop batter into prepared bowl.  bake in middle level of preheated oven for 35 to 45 minutes until toothpick  stuck in middle comes out clean. Turn out onto rack to cool completely (1  hour) before proceeding.    Melt the chocolate: Bring 2 inches of water to simmer and set bowl over it,  add 5 oz of chocolate and remove from heat. When completely melted, remove  bowl from water and let cool to room temp.    Whip cream into soft peaks and set bowl over ice water. Fold half the cream  into cooled (but liquid) chocolate; when incorporated, fold in the rest to  complete the mousse.    Assembling the cake:  (Taste the OJ to be sure its sweet enough and add  Grand Marnier if desired.  Shave off crusty top of cake (it wont absorb  the OJ) Use a serrated knife to slice the Genoise into 3 layers of equal  thickness.  Line 8 inch bowl with plastic wrap. Fit round top piece of cake  into bowl, brush with about 4 tab of OJ.  Spoon 1/3 of the mousse onto  soaked layer and strew on a handful of raspberries. Place the next layer  ontop of the mousse, brush with 1/3 cup of OJ and spoon on rest of mousse,  a handful of raspberries and put on the last layer of cake. Brusk on the  last of the juice. Bring the hanging edges of plastic over the top, cover  with another piece of plastic and refrigerate for several hours before  decorating. Making chocolate icing: Melt remaining chocolate in a bowl over  simmering water (same as mousse)  Remove plastic covering from cake and  unmold domed-side up onto a rack, then peel off and discard plastic.  Lightly dampen your work surface so a 12 inch sheet of plastic wrap will  adhere.  Using rubber spatula, spread a thin 10-11 inch disk of cool liquid  chocolate in the center of the sheet. Rapidly slide plastic ito the bowl,  so chocolate disc covers bottom and sides of bowl. gently drop the chilled  cake, domed side down, into bowl, fold plastic wrap over it and  refrigerate.    Makeing chocolate leaves: Dip the inside of each leaf into remaining melted  chocolate and place on a plate, coated side up. Refrigerate until chocolate  hardens.    Decorating cake:  Remove cake from fridge and fold back wrap. Turn  domed-side up onto serving cake and lift off plastic wrap. Sprinkle with  dusting of powder. Make a ring of raspberries around edge of cake and pour  a little raspeberry sauce over them. Affix chocolate leaves to cake (with  melted chocolate, after youve removed the green part).    Raspberry sauce: Puree raspberries with 1/2 cup sugar in a blender or food  processor.  Add lemon juice, taste, adjust the flavor if necessary. Push  the sauce through a sieve.    To cut the cake, keep a knife in hot water nearby, wipe it off before  cutting. Source: Cooking With Master Chefs by Julia Child]    Recipe By     : Jessica Chaiken <11JCHAIKEN@GALLUA. GALLAUDET. EDU>    