Thirty-Minute White Bread
Vegetable shortening or, Butter, Sugar, Salt, Lukewarm water; (105~-115~), NORMA WRENN, milk, Bread or all-purpose flour;, Dry yeast, 
Baking pans: 2 medium (8-1/2"x4-1/2") loaf pans, greased ot Teflon.    By hand or mixer: 8 minutes. Warm the milk in a saucepan to soften the  shortening or butter for a few moments. Add the salt and the lukewarm  water. Add the yeast and sugar and stir to dissolve.    Stir in 2 cups flour and beat for 3 minutes at medium speed in an electric  mixer or 150 strong strokes with a wooden spoon. Gradually add 2 more cups  flour, and continue beating for 3 minutes--or 150 strokes.    Note: While the entire mixing and kneading mixing and kneading operation  can be done in the electric mixer, I like to judge the feel of the dough by  hand before turning the job over to a dough hook.)    Turn off the mixer and add about 2 more cups flour. Work it in with a  spoon, and when it becomes stiff, with your hands. When the dough has a  rough form and is cleaning the sides of the mixing bowl, turn it out on the  floured work surface.    Knead for about 8 minutes with a strong push-turn-fold motion. Occasionally  throw the dough hard against the work surface (stimulates the gluten). Or  replace the dough in the mixer bowl and put under the dough hook for an  equal length of time.    By processor: 10 minutes. Place 2 cups flour in the work bowl and then add  the other ingredients, as above. Pulse several times to thoroughly mix.  Remove the cover and add 2 more cups flour. Replace the cover and pulse to  blend. Add remaining flour through feed tube, pulsing after each addition,  until the dough begins to room and is carried around the bowl by the force  of the blade. Turn on the machine to knead for 45 seconds.    Shaping: 10 minutes. Divide the dough in half, and shape the balls. Let  rest under a cloth for 5 minutes. Form the loaves by pressing each (with  your palm or rolling pin) into an oval, roughly the length of the baking  pan. Fold the oval in half, pinch the seam tightly to seal, tuck under the  ends, and place seam down in the pan. Brush the loaves with the melted  butter.    Rising: 30 minutes. Place the pans in a cold oven and turn heat to 400~ for  60 seconds--1 minute, no more. Turn it off!    Baking: 400~ 45 minutes: About 30 minutes later turn the oven to 400~ and  bake for 45 minutes, or until the loaves are brown. When done, they will  sound hollow when tapped on the bottom crust with the forefinger. If the  crust is soft, return to the oven, without the pans, for 10 minutes. (If  using a convection oven, reduce heat 50~).    Final step: Place the loaves on a metal rack to cool. The bread is fine for  sandwiches and toast. It also freezes very well. Source: Bernard Claytons  New Complete Book of Breads  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "M. Hicks" <nitro_ii@email.msn.com> on Feb  13, 1998