The Worlds Best Lasagna
Swiss cheese, Pepper, Garlic, Red table wine, Sugar, Quark, Sliced, Anis seeds, Lean ground beef, celery, , salt and pepper, Thyme, FILLING, onions, Basil, Coriander, Tomato sauce, Hot Italian sausage, Mushrooms, Green pepper, Bay leaf, Spinach, Celery seeds, Low fat mozzarella cheese, Stewed tomatoes, Large eggs, Lasagna noodles, MEAT SAUCE, Tomato paste, 
MEAT SAUCE:  Brown the lean ground beef and the Italian sausage in a large  heavy frypan. Mash well to have a fine, smooth sauce. Pour off all the fat.  Transfer to a large kettle. Add some oil to the frypan and saut=82 the  vegetables until limp but not brown. Transfer to the kettle. Add the tomato  paste, tomato sauce and crushed Italian tomatoes to the kettle with the  wine, herbs and spices. Simmer for 1 hour. Taste and adjust seasoning. Add  sugar if necessary. Comtinue simmering for 3 hours or longer. FILLING:  Thoroughly wash spinach. Put in a double boiler and steam spinach until  cooked but not overcooked. Drain and chop. Put into a medium bowl and add  Quark or low fat cottage cheese. Mix in 4 large eggs. Add some salt and  pepper if desired. Set aside. Grate Swiss cheese and set aside. Slice  mozzarella and set aside. For a lasagna pan of 10 x 14 x 2 inches you need  15 lasagna noodles. Cook noodles in rapidle boiling salted water until just  tender. Rinse under running water and set aside. TO ASSEMBLE: In the bottom  of a lasagna pan 10 x 14 x 2 in. spoon a layer of sauce to coat the bottom.  Lay down a row of noodles. Cover with some of the spinach mixture. Lay a  row of noodles crosswise. Cover with some of the Swiss cheese. Lay another  row of noodles lengthwise. Cover with another layer of sauce. Repeat  layering process until dish is full. Cover everything with a layer of  mozzarella cheese and bake in an oven set at 350F. until top is melted=    and lasagna is heated through. *** This sauce is mild, if you want more  spice add some chili peppers with caution. *** Serve with a fresh salad and  some fresh French or Italian crusty bread. Enjoy.    Posted to MealMaster Recipes List, Digest #156    Date: Wed, 05 Jun 1996 14:17:32 -0700    From: Jo & Pete <jopete@odyssee.net>