The Original Acapulco Restauarant Crab Enchilada - 1976
Salt, Granulated white sugar, Corn tortillas, Jack cheese, Oil, Tomatillos, SOUR CREAM SAUCE, Fresh jalapeno chile, Onion, Salsa con Tomatillos, Onion, Fresh garlic, Onion, Granulated white sugar, SALSA CON TOMATILLOS, Fresh cilantro, Water, Ripe olives, Green food coloring, Sour Cream Sauce, Avocado, Tomatoes, Fresh garlic, Sour cream, Fresh cilantro, Salt, ENCHILADAS, Crab meat, Tortillas, Oil, 
The Enchiladas Heat the tortillas in oil or lard until they are soft. Place  1/4 cup of crab meat in the center of each tortilla, then sprinkle with 1  Tbsp of minced onion. Spoon a little Salsa Con Tomatillos on each. Roll the  enchiladas and place them in a shallow baking pan. Cover with the remaining  Salsa Con Tomatillos. Sprinkle generously with shredded jack cheese and  bake at 400 degrees about 10 minutes or until hot and the cheese is melted.  Serve with a dollop of Sour Cream Sauce and garnish with olives, avocado,  tomato slices and pieces of crab leg.    Salsa Con Tomatillos Drain the tomatillos and reserve the liquid. Fry 2  tortillas in oil or lard until lightly browned. Break and drop into the  juice of the tomatillos. While these are soaking and getting soft, saute in  4 Tbsp of oil or lard, the onions, chile, cilantro and the garlic mashed in  the salt. Saute until soft but not browned. Put the tomatillos, softened  tortillas and juice, sauteed mixture, water or broth, sugar and 3 drops of  green food coloring into the blender. Blend until smooth. Sauce may be used  as is or strained for a smoother more professional presentation. Makes  about 2 1/3 cups of sauce.    Sour Cream Sauce Combine all of the ingredients and stir gently to blend.  Cover with plastic wrap and set aside until ready house.    NOTES : This recipe came from Raymond G. Marshall, the man that won the  Dungeness crab cook off in San Francisco with this recipe and then started  the famous chain of Acapulco Mexican restaurants in California. This is the  original !  (I obtained it from him in 1976)  It was and is the house  specialty.  Recipe by: Acapulco Restaurant    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by drleroy@juno.com (LeRoy C Trnavsky) on Apr  29, 1998