The Ultimate Minestrone
Potatoes; peeled and cubed,, (14 1/2-oz.) tomatoes; cut, Onion, Chicken broth, olive oil, Head savoy or green cabbage;, Pepper, (15-oz.) cans white kidney, Zucchini or yellow squash;, Carrots; sliced, Leaves Swiss chard; coarsely, Leaves kale; coarsely, Stal celery; chopped, Snipped fresh basil, Green beans; trimmed, cut, 
NOTE:This recipe has evolved from Matt Browns discussions with fellow cooks  and from reading Italian cookbooks. He claims that sauteing the vegetables  before adding the broth is the secret to great soup flavor    In a 6- to 8-quart pot heat olive oil over medium-high heat. Add carrots,  celery and onion. Cook and stir for 2 minutes. Add cabbage, Swiss chard,  and kale. Cook and stir vegetables about 6 minutes more or till greens are  wilted. Add green beans and potatoes, if desired. Cook and stir for 2  minutes more.    Add chicken broth, tomatoes, and pepper. Bring to boiling; reduce heat.  Cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in white kidney or Great Northern  beans and zucchini or squash. Return to boiling; reduce heat. Cover and  simmer soup for 20 minutes more. Stir in snipped basil. Makes 8 main-dish  servings (about 16 cups total).    *To cook dry beans, rinse beans. In a 4- to 5-quart pot combine rinsed  beans and 5 cups cold water. Bring to boiling; reduce heat. Simmer,  uncovered, for 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Cover and let stand for 1 hour.  (Or, omit simmering; soak dry beans in cold water overnight in a covered  pot.) Drain beans and rinse. In the same pot combine rinsed beans and 5  cups fresh water. Bring to boiling; reduce heat. Cover and simmer beans for  1 to 1 1/2 hours or till beans are tender, stirring occasionally.    Nutrition facts per serving: 213 cal., 9 g total fat (1 g sat. fat), 1 mg  chol., 1,159 mg sodium, 27 g carbo., 8 g fiber, and 14 g pro. Daily Values:  63% vit A, 55% vit. C, 10% calcium, and 21% iron.    Nutrition tip: To reduce the sodium in this recipe, use reduced-sodium  chicken broth and/or tomatoes.    SOURCE: BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS, OCTOBER 1996    Recipe by: Dinner from the Heart    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #991 by creedenites  <creedenites@sprintmail.com> on Januday,, ary 08, 1998