Thai-Style, Spicy Eggplant-Mushroom Sauce
Sugar, asparagus stems, Shallot, Eggplant, Veggie stock, Red bell pepper, Mushrooms, Plum sauce, Fresh basil leaves, Ginger, sesame oil, Hunan style red chili paste, Tapioca flour, Garlic, Rice milk or milk, 
Mince garlic and shallot; quarter mushrooms, dice eggplant into 1-inch  cubes and slice red bell pepper into long strips.    In a large frying pan, on medium head add stock and mushrooms.  Simmer for  5 minutes or until mushrooms are tender and brown.  Remove mushrooms and  set aside.  In remaining stock add shallot and garlic, sautee for 1-2  minutes.  Add chili paste and milk.  Bring mixture to a boil then reduce  heat and simmer on low for 5 minutes, stirring often. Add sugar, plum sauce  and sesame oil (only a few drops!  Its amazing the flavor it adds). Add  eggplant, asparagus stems and red bell pepper. Bring mixture back up to a  boil.  Cover and simmer for 15 minutes stirring occasionally until eggplant  and asparagus are tender. In the last 5 minutes add mushrooms and fresh  basil leaves.    Serve over grilled polenta (recipe follows) or rice and the steamed  asparagus tips.    Note: When I made this recipe I felt that the sauce was too thin.  The  original recipe called for coconut milk and olive oil as the sauces base.  How I remedied this problem was as follows: I removed all the vegetables  from the pan using a slotted spoon and turned the heat down to the lowest  setting.  I placed them in the serving bowl and set aside. In a measuring  cup I added 1/3 cup cold water and 2 heaping teaspoons of tapioca flour  (not pearls).  Once this was thoroughly mixed I poured it into the sauce  while stirring with the slotted spoon. In less than a minute the sauce had  thickened very nicely.  I then poured the sauce into the bowl over the  vegetables and served. It was pleasantly spicy (go light on the red chili  paste if you dislike REALLY hot foods) and filling.    Note2:  if you wanted to be more authentic you could try adding some  coconut extract...    From: J. Ari Kornfeld <ari@sibari.isl.sri.com>.  Fatfree Digest [Volume 8  Issue 54] June 15, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/fatfreex.zip