Third Stone Imperial Stout
Corn Sugar (for Priming), Edme Dry Ale Yeast, Dark Crystal Malt (Grain), Roasted Barley (Grain), Black Patent Malt (Grain), Amber Liquid Malt Extract, Czech Sazz Hop Pellets, Chinook Hop Pellets, Your favorite bottled spring, Fuggles Hop Pellets, 
Minimum Required Equipment:    20-quart or larger stainless steel or ceramic coated stock pot. (2) 6.5  gallon food grade plastic buckets with sealable lid Stopper and Airlock for  the top of the bucket Thermometer (fast reading up to 220 degrees F) 48  12oz brown beer bottles (not twist-off lid type) Bottle capper and caps  Spring loaded bottle filler plastic siphon tubing Large plastic or  stainless steel spoon or ladle Several muslin or nylon bags (for the  grains)    Beginning the process:    Sanitize all equipment that will come into contact with your brew. A good  sanitizing solution is 1 tablespoon unscented bleach to 1 gallon of water.  Sanitize your stockpot and fermentation bucket overnight prior to brewing.  Rinse everything well before starting the brew.    Cooking the Wort - "Wort is the unfermented beer"    Bring 2.5 gallons of your bottled water up to about 165 degrees F. Reduce  heat to maintain this temperature. Place your cracked grains in the muslin  or nylon bags and seal then with the drawstring or by tying them up. Place  the grain bags in the water for 30 minutes. Stir occasionally. After 30  minutes, remove the grain bags. Try to squeeze all the liquid from the  bags.    Bring the water to a boil. When you have achieved a rolling boil, remove  the pot from the burner and add the liquid malt extracts. Be sure to stir  while adding the liquid malt extracts so it will not stick and burn on the  bottom of the pot. (This is about the time that the brew starts to smell  really good!) Stir for a few minutes to make sure that the extracts have  dissolved completely and return the pot to the burner. Bring back to a  boil.  Watch closely for boilovers! A 20qt stock pot gets you close to the  top.  A 24qt pot would be better. Keep a spray bottle handy (filled with  bottled spring water) to spray on top of the foam.    When the boil has resumed, add the 2 ounces of Chinook hop pellets and boil  for 45 minutes.  Add one ounce of Czech Sazz hop pellets and boil for  another 10 minutes. Add one ounce of Fuggles hop pellets and boil for 5  minutes.    Remove the pot from the burner. Prepare an ice water bath in the sink.  Place the stockpot in the sink and let the brew cool to about 125 degrees.  Pour 2.5 gallons of bottled water into your fermentation bucket. When the  brew has cooled to 125 degrees, pour the contents of the stockpot into the  fermentation bucket through a strainer. Check the temperature of the brew.  When the temperature of the brew has reached 80-85 degrees, empty the  contents of the Edme Ale Yeast package into the bucket. Seal the bucket and  place the airlock with water in it on the lid of the bucket.    During the next 24-48 hours, you will see bubbling in the airlock. After 5  days, siphon the contents of the fermentation bucket into your second  bucket, leaving the yeast sediment behind. Re-seal the bucket with the lid  and airlock for 12 more days. The bubbling in the airlock will practically  stop during this period.    Clean your primary fermenter immediately after use and fill with 6 gallons  of water and 6 tablespoons of bleach. After the 12-day    Recipe by: John Setzler    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #493 by John Setzler <jms@twave.net> on Mar  2, 1997.