Tofu "Cheese" Danish Rolls
Lemon juice (fresh lemon, Egg whies (or Ener-G egg, Sugar (or sucunat), or other, Any sweet jam or preserves**, Sweeten to taste with sugar, Salt, COVERING, Whole wheat flour (may, DOUGH, (10-oz) Mori-Nu low fat, Egg whites (or egg, TOFU CHEESE FILLING, Dry yeast, Water, (8 1/2 oz) bread flour, Dry milk, or dry soy milk, Fat substitute (like mashed, 
* (extra firm best--silken gets too watery when spreading on rolls--if you  only have silken, you can thicken it with white flour)    ** paint the tops with liquid egg beaters or yellow egg substitute will  make them yellow like store bought Danish--but that is optional    We love our deserts. Eating VLF doesnt keep us particularly away from  them. We probably have more deserts now than before when we ate SAD. This  is a VLF modifired recipe. Diabetics, this contains a lot of carbs. As a  doctor, I dont advise your eating it. It can be modified to only use fruit  juice "sugaring" but diabetics should only eat very small portions if they  do.    (Bread machine Danish Rolls)    Dough: Make dough according to bread machine instructions for dough. Be  sure to allow at least 3 hours time for rising if you are using whole wheat  flour in your recipe, because it takes longer. Dough made without "real  fat" gets very sticky and hard to handle. Dont worry, just dust the  rolling surface with extra white flour prior to putting on the dough. Also  dust the dough surface with additional white flour before you start rolling  it. For more "dainty" rolls, split the dough into two equal parts after you  have rolled it out and re-roll each into another thinner flat plate. Cut  the flat dough into approximately 4" squares with a long knife.    Filling: Put all Tofu ingredients into food processor and puree them. If  you use real egg whites test the sweetness of the filling prior to putting  in the egg whites, because it is unhealthy to eat any raw egg whites, which  may contain Salmonella.    Lightly spay a large cookie sheeet with Pam. Put the filling into the  squares (best done on the baking pan) and bring up the corners of the dough  into the center. It is OK of the filling "leaks" out. Be sure to allow room  for rising. Paint each roll with yellow egg substitute (optional), and  generously apply any jam (our favorite is home made raspberry) on the  rolls. Dont be afraid if the jam gets on the cookie sheet. If you prepare  them using the dough cut in half, you will need two large cookie sheets and  probably will have to bake them separately. One pan on top of another in  most ovens doesnt work very well, unless you shift them half way through.    Bake in slow oven at 320 degrees for about 20 minutes. They burn easily so  watch carefully. Remove from pan immediately so they dont stick. Enjoy.  This is a good recipe to prepare when you are selling your house. You will  see why when you smell them baking.    (Note on fat--most of the fat comes from the Tofu. Mori-Nu low fat tofu is  the lowest available, containing only 1 percent fat--if you use another  kind, you can use Soy-Deli Nigari tofu which has a half gram more per  serving, but is still very low. We save our "full fat" tofu days only when  we go out to restaurants, which never serve low fat tofu. When at home we  only eat the lowest fat tofu.) Posted to fatfree digest V97 #038 by  podtrst@isomedia.com (Michael M. Rosenblatt) on Mar 26, 1997