Thai-Style Steak & Green Bean Salad with Spicy Mint Dressing
DRESSING:, Garlic, Salt, Fresh lime juice, Soy sauce, Sugar, fresh hot chilies, fresh mint, Boneless sirloin steak, Black Pepper, shallot, Green beans, Fresh bean sprouts, 
Make the dressing: Mince and mash the garlic with the salt until the  mixture forms a paste. In a small bowl stir together the lime juice, the  soy sauce, the sugar, the garlic paste, the chilies, and the mint until the  sugar is dissolved and let the dressing stand at room temperature for 30  minutes to develop the flavors.    Sprinkle both sides of the steak generously with the pepper, rubbing the  pepper into the meat, and brush them with some of the oil. Grill the steak,  seasoned with salt, on a well oiled rack set 4 to 5 inches over glowing  coals, turning it once, for 16 to 18 minutes, or until it is springy to the  touch for medium-rare meat. (Alternatively, the steak may be cooked in the  same manner in a well-seasoned ridged grill pan, brushed with the oil and  heated over moderately high heat until the begins to smoke.) Transfer the  steak to a cutting board and let it stand for 15 minutes.    While the steak is grilling, in a skillet heat 1/2 inch of the oil over  moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it fry the  shallot, stirring, for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until it is golden.  Transfer the shallot with a slotted spoon to paper towels and let it drain.  The shallot may be cooked 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.    Cut the steak across the grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices and divide the  slices among 4 plates, overlapping them in the center. Surround the steak  with the green beans, top the green beans with the bean sprouts, and  sprinkle the bean sprouts with the shallot. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the  dressing over each serving of steak and serve the remaining dressing  separately.    Yield: 4 servings  Recipe By     :COOKING LIVE SHOW #CL8683    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #247    Date: Wed, 16 Oct 1996 17:10:49 -0400    From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>