The Lilac Inn Crab Cakes with Ancho Chili Remoulade
Clarified Butter, Lemon, Cornichons, Dry mustard, Tabasco sauce, Juice of 1 lemon, Cream sauce, Egg yolks, Salt to taste, Bread crumbs, fresh, white, crabmeat, Horseradish, Paprika, Dried mustard, Olive oil, Garlic, Pepper, Salt, Lemon juice, Yellow onion, Ancho chilies, Celery, Parsley, ANCHO CHILI REMOULADE, olive oil, Half and half, Eggs, CRAB CAKES, capers, Tarragon Vinegar, 
Crab Cakes:  Soak the breadcrumbs in the olive oil and half and half. In a  small bowl combine the mustard, paprika, Tabasco, lemon juice, and pepper  and mix thoroughly.  In a large bowl, combine the crabmeat, egg    yolks, horseradish, cream sauce, soaked breadcrumbs, salt and mustard  mixture and mix well.  Taste and adjust seasonings if necessary. In a  small, dry, clean bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks.  Fold them into  the crab mixtures.  Form the crab mixture into twelve small cakes. Heat a  teflon skillet or griddle to 350 degrees with just enough clarified butter  to film the bottom.  Fry the crab cakes until they are golden brown on each  side and heated through, approximately 3 minutes per side. Service with  Ancho Chili Remoulade and garnish with a lemon wedge.    Ancho Chili Remoulade:  Remove and discard stems and seeds from the  chilies.  Place them in a bowl and add enough water to cover.  Weight them  with a plate so they are completely submerged and let them soak overnight,  or for at least 6 to 8 hours.  Or, place seeded chilies in boiling water,  cover and simmer for 5 minutes.  Turn off heat and let steep 20 minutes or  until soft. In a blender or food rocessor, puree the chilies until smooth.  Add the egg yolks, dry mustard and salt and blend until smooth. Add oil in  a steady stream, very slowly at first. Continue adding the oil until  desired thickness is reached.  Blend in the lemon juice and tarragon  vinegar.  Place mixture in a bowl and fold in remaining ingredients.  Refrigerate several hours before serving.    Source:  The Lilac Inn, Brandon, Vermont  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by Peg Doolin <peggyvt@ibm.net> on Apr 14,  1998