Three-Colored Pasta with Seafood and Lemon-Basil Sauce
Zucchini; julienned, Egg linguine; eggless, Fresh lemon juice; or more, Tomato linguine; eggless, Dry white wine such as fume, Spinach linguine; eggless, Low sodium chicken broth;, Crab surimi seafood chunks;, Cornstarch, Red bell pepper; thinly, Light, whipped unsalted, salt and pepper, Red pepper flakes, Whole scallion; diced, Broth; as needed, Chopped fresh lemon basil, 
A visual feast: contrasting textures and subtle flavors, three-colored  pasta with slivers of red and white lobster or crab. The trick here is to  cut the peppers and the zucchini into long strips as thin as possible to  resemble the pasta. This dish depends mostly on the flavor of the pasta and  the wine. This recipe minimizes the pasta and maximizes the wine. Try with  a chardonnay.  * Combine the wine, broth, onions and basil, in a medium size saucepan and  reduce by half over moderate heat.  * Strain through a sieve and return to the same saucepan, which has been  wiped clean. (optional)  * Add 1 tablespoon butter and whisk.    * Dissolve the cornstarch in the lemon juice and add it to the sauce.  Simmer gently for 2 minutes or until thickened.  * Taste and adjust flavor with more lemon, perhaps a little salt and  pepper. Set aside but keep warm.  * Bring plenty of water to a boil.    * Cut the bell pepper and zucchini into thin ribbon-like strips, about the  same thickness as the pasta, as long as possible.  * Par cook vegetables and douse immediately under cold water, drain, and  pat dry.  * Cook the pasta in the same boiling water until al dente. Drain and  refresh under cold water.  *Spray a flat-bottom wok or skillet and heat over medium flame; add the  vegetables and raise heat, stir-tossing.  Add the crabmeat to heat through;  and pasta. Add sauce. Toss to coat. Add fresh lemon-basil, red pepper  flakes, salt and pepper (to taste) and, a little broth if necessary to thin  the sauce. Serve at once.    thoroughly, tossing gently to prevent sticking. Divide among 6 heated  dinner plates and top with a sprinkling of tarragon.  Influenced by Costner in Good Friends, Great Dinners. From (1987) Susan  Costners Good Friends, Great Dinners: 32 Menus for Casual Entertaining  (NYC: Crown). Pat H. McRecipe 24 Oc 96.  Recipe By     : Pat Hanneman, Nov 1996    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #278    Date: Mon, 4 Nov 1996 19:38:54 -0800 (PST)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>