Toasted Coconut Cake W/lime Filling
Lime slices for garnish, Coconut; flaked, Sugar, Lime juice; fresh, Light corn syrup, Shortening; room temperature, Vanilla, Salt, Vanilla, Salt, Salt, Cornstarch, Sugar, milk, Cream of tartar, Coconut; flaked, Coconut; flaked, For the filling, Cake flour; not self rising, Egg white; room temperature, Cream of tartar, Egg; separate out yolks, Egg, Butter; unsalted, softened, For the icing, Sugar, Baking Powder, Lemon juice; fresh, 
Make the cake: Line the bottoms of 2 greased 8 by 2 inch round cake pans  with rounds of wax paper and grease and flour the pans, shaking out the  excess flour. Spread the coconut in a jelly-roll pan, toast it in a  preheated 350F oven, stirring once or twice, for 7 minutes, or until it is  golden and let it cool. In a bowl whisk together the flour, the baking  powder, the salt. In a large bowl with an electric mixer cream the  shortening, beat in 3/4 cup of the sugar, and beat the mixture until it is  light and fluffy. Beat in the yolks, one at a time, and the vanilla and add  the flour mixture alternately with the milk, beginning and ending with the  flour and beating until the batter is smooth. In another large bowl with  the electric mixer beat the whites with the salt until they are foamy, add  the cream of tartar, and beat the whites until they hold soft peaks. Beat  in the remaining 1/2 cup sugar, a little at a time, and beat the meringue  until it holds stiff glossy peaks. Stir!    the toasted coconut and one fourth of the meringue into the batter to  lighten it and fold in the remaining meringue gently but thoroughly. Divide  the batter between the prepared pans and bake the layers in the middle of  the preheated 350F oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until tester comes out  clean. Let the layers cool in the pans on racks for 10 minutes, invert them  onto the racks, and let them cool completely.  Make the filling: In a small heavy saucepan whisk together the sugar,  cornstarch, salt, lime juice, lemon juice, and the egg until the mixture is  combined and bring the mixture to a rolling boil over moderately high heat,  whisking constantly. (The mixture will thicken as it cooks.) Whisk in the  butter and let the filling cool.  Split each cake layer in half horizontally with a long serrated knife and  brush off any loose crumbs. On a cake plate arrange one of the cake layers,  cut side up, and spread it with one third of the lime filling, leaving a  1/2 inch border. Sprinkle the filling with 1/4 cup of the coconut and top  the coconut with another cake layer, cut side down. Continue to layer and  fill the cake in the same manner with the remaining filling and coconut.  Make the icing:  In a saucepan combine the sugar, corn syrup, 1/3 cup  water, bring the mixture to a boil, covered, over moderate heat, stirring  occasionally to dissolve the sugar, and boil the syrup, uncovered until it  registers 240F on a candy thermometer. While the syrup is boiling, in a  heatproof bowl with an electric mixer beat the whites with a pinch of salt  and the cream of tartar until they are frothy. As soon as the syrup reaches  240F. add it to the whites in a thin stream, continuing to beat the whites  while the syrup is being added. Beat in the vanilla and beat the icing  until the bowl is not longer hot. (If the icing is too stiff, beat in 1 to  2 tablespoons hot water, or enough to form a fluffy, spreadable icing.)    Spread the icing over the side and top of the cake and cover the cake with  the coconut. Garnish the cake with the lime slices.  Recipe By     : Gourmet/April 1989 tpogue@idsonline.com    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #241    Date: Fri, 11 Oct 1996 16:00:03 -465800    From: Terry Pogue <tpogue@ids2.online.com>