Peanut Butter Crunch Pie
Unsalted butter; such as, Granulated sugar, Semisweet chocolate chips, NUTTY WAFER CRUST, Unsalted peanuts; chopped, Egg yolks, Crunchy peanut butter, Heavy cream, Chopped unsalted roasted, Chocolate wafer crumbs;, Sweetened whipped cream, CHOCOLATE-PEANUT BUTTER, GARNISH, Cornstarch, milk, 
DIFFICULTY: *    PREPARATION: 1 hour plus chilling time.    Make the nutty wafer crust:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350F. In a  medium bowl, stir together the cookie crumbs, chopped peanuts and melted  butter, until well combined. Press the mixture evenly into the bottom and  up the side of a 9-inch pie plate.    2. Bake the crust for 8 to 10 minutes, until set. Cool on a wire rack.    Make the chocolate-peanut butter crunch filling:    3.In a medium saucepan, off the heat, combine the sugar with the  cornstarch. Gradually whisk in the milk and yolks until smooth. Place the  pan over medium heat and cook, whisking constantly until the mixture comes  to a boil and thickens, about 7 to 10 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Whisk in  the peanut butter.    4.In a small bowl, combine 1 cup of the hot peanut butter mixture with the  chocolate chips and stir until the chips are melted. Scrape the mixture  into the prepared crust. Cover the surface of the filling with plastic wrap  and chill for 1 hour, until set. Transfer the remaining peanut butter  mixture to a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and chill 45 minutes,  until cool, but not set.    5.In a medium bowl, using a hand-held electric mixer, beat the heavy cream  to soft peaks. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold the cream into the  peanut butter mixture. Scrape the mixture on the chocolate filling and,  using a small offset metal spatula, smooth into an even layer. Chill 1  hour, or until set. 6.Garnish the top of the pie with sweetened whipped  cream and a sprinkling of chopped peanuts.    Mortens Recipe Collection    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 486 by Kara9718  <Kara9718@aol.com> on Jan 10, 1998