Baked Lasagne
Black Pepper, Freshly grated mozzarella, Salt, Of lean ground beef, or, Egg, Onion, chopped (to make 1, Fresh ricotta, Water, Grated Parmesan, Sugar (optional), Salt, Grated mozzarella cheese, olive oil, Red or green bell pepper, Grated Parmesan, Lasagne noodles (about 6, olive oil, Garlic, Oregano, Italian plum tomatoes, Can tomato paste, Dried basil, Bay leaf, broken in half, 
Remove  sausage  casings and crumble sausage.   Brown meat in large pot,  stirring occasionally to break up the meat. Drain off fat.    Remove meat and set aside.  Heat 3 tablespoons oil in the same pot, add  onion, garlic and bell pepper and cook over medium heat, stirring  occasionally, about 5 to 8 minutes or until onion is tender.    Stir  in the reserved meat, tomato puree, tomato paste, water, basil,  oregano, sugar, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper and bay leaf and  bring to boil. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, about 2 hours, or  until  flavors  mingle  and mixture thickens slightly (there will be about  4 1/2 to 5 cups of sauce).    Combine ricotta, 1/4 cup Parmesan, egg, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon  pepper in a medium bowl; set aside.    Bring  3  quarts  of  water to boil in  a  large  pot.   Add  1 tablespoon salt,  then gradually add lasagne noodles so that water  continues to boil.  Cook noodles until barely tender, about 5 minutes,  stirring once or twice;  do  not  overcook. Drain noodles; rinse in cold  water and drain well.   Return noodles to pot and toss them gently with 1  tablespoon oil to prevent them sticking.    Line  the  bottom of a a buttered 9 x 13 x 2-inch  pan with 4 lasagne  noodles, cutting one as necessary to completely cover the bottom. Spread  evenly with half of ricotta mixture (1 generous cup). Sprinkle evenly with  half of mozarella (about 2 cups). Spread with half of the tomato/meat  sauce.    Top  with remaining 4 noodles, cutting one noodle as above so that the  sauce mixture is completely covered. Evenly layer on remaining ingredients  in the same order as above. Sprinkle the top of the lasagne evenly with 1/4  cup Parmesan and  1/4  cup mozzarella.    Bake  in a preheated oven at 375 for about 45 or 50 minutes or until  lasagne is hot in center.  Remove from oven; let stand for 15 minutes. Cut  in squares and serve on heated plates with garlic bread.    