Tgi Fridays Jack Daniels Grill Glaze
Pineapple juice, Jack Daniels whiskey, Crushed pineapple, olive oil, Kikkoman teriyaki sauce, Lemon juice, white onion, Soy sauce, Dark brown sugar, garlic, Water, Cayenne pepper, 
1. Cut about 1/2-inch off of top of garlic. Cut the roots so that the  garlic will sit flat. Remove the papery skin from the garlic, but leave  enough so that the cloves stay together. Put garlic into a small casserole  dish or baking pan, drizzle olive oil over it, and cover with a lid or  foil. Bake in a preheated 325? oven for 1 hour. Remove garlic and let it  cool until you can handle it.    2. Combine water, pineapple juice, teriyaki sauce, soy sauce, and brown  sugar in a medium saucepan over medium/high heat. Stir occasionally until  mixture boils then reduce heat until mixture is just simmering.    3. Add remaining ingredients to pan and stir.    Squeeze the sides of the head of garlic until the pasty roasted garlic is  squeezed out. Measure 2 teaspoons into the saucepan and whisk to combine.    4. Let mixture simmer for 35-45 minutes or until sauce has reduced by about  1/2 and is thick and syrupy. Make sure it doesnt boil over.    Heres a recipe that you wont find in any books. The producers of the  Oprah Winfrey Show asked me to crack this one just for the show that airs  sometime in June. Introduced in April of 1997, this glaze has become one of  Fridays best-selling new items. This versatile sweet-and-slightly-spicy  sauce can be ordered on salmon, baby back ribs, steak, chicken, pork  chops...even on chicken wings (but only if you know to order it that way,  since that one isnt on the menu). This recipe tells you how to make a  clone that tastes virtually identical to the original glaze that you can  use it to top your favorite meat, but if youre grilling, be sure to use  the sauce just before taking the meat off the flame, since it is very sweet  and will quickly burn. Serve extra on the side.    Makes 1 cup of glaze.    Top Secret Recipes www.topsecretrecipes.com    Recipe by: Todd Wilbur Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #723 by Rooby  <MsRooby@sprintmail.com> on Aug 05, 1997