Baked Chicken Kiev
Garlic salt, unsalted butter, Pepper, Fine dry bread crumbs, Chicken breasts, Unsalted butter, Monterey jack cheese, parsely, Grated Parmesan cheese, Oregano, 
Rinse chicken and pat dry.  Place one piece at a time, skinned side down,  between two sheets of pastic wrap and pound with a flat surface mallet  until each breast is about 1/8 inch thick. In a shallow bowl, combine bread  crumbs, parmesan cheese, garlic salt and pepper and 1 tsp of the oregano  and set aside. In a small bowl, stir together the 1/4 cup butter, remaining  oregano and parsley.  Arrange the pounded chicken breasts skinned side  down.  Spread about 1/2 tablespoon of the butter mixture across each piece  about an inch from one of the long sides and place a strip of the Jack  cheese over the butter. Fold the short ends over the filling and then fold  in the long sides and roll to enclose the filling. Dip each bundle into the  6 tbsp of melted butter, drain and roll in the bread crumb mixture until  coated evenly and well. Place bundles, seam side down and slightly  separated into a 10x15 inch rimmed baking pan. Drizzle with the remaining  butter. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours over overnight. Bake  uncovered in a 425 F oven until chicken is no longer pink when slightly  slashed (Dont cut the filling!!), about 20 minutes. Serve at once!!  MEXICAN STYLE KIEV: Follow the directions above, but omit the oregano.  Instead use a mixture of 1 tsp chili powder and 1/2 tsp ground cumin. Using  a can of whole green chiles, discard the ptih and any seeds. Cut the  chilies into 1 inch stirps and divide into eight equal portions. When  filling the chicken breasts, place one portion of the chile, atop each  strip of cheese. serve the chicken with the following tomatoe sauce. Stir  together 1-15oz can of tomatoe sauce with 1/2 tsp each ground cumin and  sugar and 1/4 cup sliced green onions ( including tops.) Cook over medium  heat, stirring, until hot. Season to taste with salt, pepper and hot pepper  sauce.  Posted to EAT-L Digest 03 Sep 96    Date:    Wed, 4 Sep 1996 13:04:20 -0500    From:    LD Goss <ldgoss@METRONET.COM>