Thai Barbecued Stuffed Prawns
Sugar, Black pepper-corns, Jumbo prawns (16 to 20 per, Dried shrimp powder with, Ground chicken, or, Water, Salt, Chopped fresh coriander, Vegetable oil for barbecuing, Fresh coriander leaves,, Coarsely chopped coriander, White vinegar, Thai fish sauce (nam pla), Sugar, Garlic cloves, peeled, SWEET AND SOUR CUCUMBER SALA, Salt, Cucumber, peeled and thinly, To 20 bamboo skewers,, Fish sauce (nam pla), 
* (if not available, use the stems)    Heres my first attempt at scanning recipes using my new OCR stuff.  Not bad.  It just took me about three times as long to diddle with  the scanned image as it would have to type it in...  Ah well,  practice makes perfect. ;-}    In Thai cooking, a pounded paste fresh coriander roots, black pepper  corns and garlic makes a popular and useful spice mixture.  This Thai  trio-spice paste is used in the same way as Italian pesto to season  stuffings, smear over meats as a marinade, or saute in oil to flavor  stir-fried dishes. In this recipe, it serves to flavor the stuffing.    Soak the bamboo skewers in water for at least 30 minutes.    Keep the coriander bunch tied together and rinse it in a pan of cold  water by dunking it up and down to dislodge the sand.  Drain  thoroughly and spin dry in a lettuce drier.  Cut off the roots,  including about 1 inch of the stem above the root; chop coarsely and  set aside.    To make the spice paste, pound the pepper corns in a mortar, or grind  in a spice mill Add the garlic, coriander roots, sugar and salt;  pound or grind into a smooth paste.    Combine the spice paste, fish sauce, coriander leaves and chicken.    Mix well.    To devein and butterfly the prawns, make a 1/2 inch deep cut through  the shell along the back with kitchen scissors.Pull out the black  vein (the alimentary canal).  Rinse prawns under cold running water  and dry thoroughly.    Starting from the tail end, thread the prawns lengthwise onto the  skewers, ending at the head end.  Spread open the 1/2-inch deep cut  and stuff with about a teaspoonful of chicken paste; smooth the  surface.    Repeat with remaining prawns.    Lightly brush prawns with oil.  Grill over a medium-hot fire for 1 to  2 minutes on each side, or until they turn bright orange and feel  firm to the touch.  They may also be broiled.  Serve with Sweet-Sour  Cucumber Salad.    SWEET AND SOUR CUCUMBER SALAD:    Combine the vinegar, sugar , salt and water in a small bowl; stir  until sugar and salt dissolve.  Put the cucumber slices in a shallow  bowl, sprinkle with shrimp powder and fish sauce, then pour in the  sweet vinegar to cover.  Top with coriander leaves.    Makes 8 servings.    San Francisco Chronicle, 10/14/92.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 18 1992.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip