Thai Mini Spring Rolls
Fresh crab meat, Fish sauce, Carrot, Water, Sugar, Red wine vinegar, Fresh coriander roots, Shrimp, Crisp lettuce leaves, Thai fish sauce, rice-paper rounds, peanuts, Fresh mint leaves, Garlic, Peanut oil, coriander leaves, Bean sprouts, Sugar, THAI SPRING ROLL DIP, Shallots, Dried Chinese blk mushrooms, Dried tree ears, Whole black peppercorns, Fresh ground pork, Red chile flakes, Bean thread noodles, 
IN 2 SEPARATE MEDIUM BOWLS, soak bean thread noodles and tree ears in warm  water until soft and pliable (about 15 minutes). Drain the noodles and cut  into 1-inch lengths; set aside. Drain and rinse off sand from tree ears.  Pinch off and discard hard centers; coarsely chop and set aside. Pound  peppercorns, garlic and coriander roots into a coarse paste, or chopped  together in a spice mill. Combine pork, shrimp or crab, fish sauce,  peppercorn mixture, and 1 teaspoon of the sugar. Add shallots, carrots,  bean sprouts, and the reserved bean thread noodles and tree ears; mix  together thoroughly. Dissolve remaining sugar with 1 cup water in a bowl.  With kitchen shears, cut rice paper into quarters. Lay one sheet of rice  paper with the curved edge nearest to you, on a flat surface. Brush  thoroughly with water. Let it sit until it softens into a thin flexible  film (about 1 minute). Mold 1 tablespoon of pork mixture into 1-inch wide  by 2-inch long cylinder and put it near the curved edge of rice paper. Fold  bottom of rice paper over filling. Fold left and right sides over each end  to enclose filling. Continue rolling until completely sealed. Repeat with  remaining filling. Preheat wok until hot. Add enough oil to a depth of  3-inches. Heat to 325F. Add a few rolls and deep-fry for 10 seconds.  Immediately increase to high heat or 375F and deep-fry until crisp and  golden brown (about 6 minutes). Remove and drain. Serve wrapped in a  lettuce leaf with a mint leaf. Dip into Thai Spring Roll Dip.    THAI SPRING ROLL DIP: Combine sugar, water and vinegar in a saucepan over  medium-high heat; boil until reduced to 3/4 cup of liquid. Remove from heat  and stir in the fish sauce and chile flakes. When cooled, transfer to a  dipping saucer and mix in coriander and peanuts. Makes about 24 rolls with  sauce.    