Thai Coffee #1
-(up to), Ground coriander powder, Whole green cardamom pods;, Whole rich coffee beans;, 
Make *very* strong coffee (50-100% more coffee to water than usual), use  something like Cafe Du Monde which has chicory in it. Pour 6-8 oz into cup  and add about 1 Tbs sweetened condensed milk. Stir, then pour over ice.     Youll have to experiment with the strength and milk so you get lots of  taste after the ice/water dilutes it.     My version comes from a newspaper article of many years ago, and simply  calls for grinding two or three fresh cardamom pods and putting them in  with the coffee grounds. Make a strong coffee with a fresh dark roast,  chill it, sweeten and add half-and-half (thats what I saw the chef using  at the last Thai restaurant I went to) to taste.     This is a derivation-from-memory of a recipe that I first read some two  years or so ago for Thai iced coffee (that lovely stuff that I can drink  for hours on end while Im slurping down panang and pad thai). Makes 1  8-cup pot of coffee     Place the coffee and spices in the filter cone of your coffee maker.  Brew  coffee as usual; let it cool.     In a tall glass, dissolve 1 or 2 teaspoons of sugar in an ounce of the  coffee (its easier to dissolve than if you put it right over ice).  Add  5-6 ice cubes and pour coffee to within about 1" of the top of the glass.     Rest a spoon on top of the coffee and slowly pour whipping cream into the  spoon.  This will make the cream float on top of the coffee rather than  dispersing into it right away.     To be totally cool, serve with Flexi-Straws and paper umbrellas...     One other fun note: I got a fresh vanilla bean recently and put it to good  use by sealing it in an airtight container with my sugar.  The sugar gets  the faintest vanilla aroma and is incredible in Real Chocolate Milk (TM)  and iced coffee.     One final note: this would probably be even better with iced espresso,  because the espresso is so much more powerful and loses its taste less when  its cold.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.