Thai Curried Vegetables with Adzuki Beans (Wok)
Vegetable oil; or more as, Fresh minced ginger; or more, Bok choy; with leaves,, Mushrooms, Low-sodium soy sauce, Red bell pepper; julienned, Curry sauce; such as Taste, Coconut milk; light, canned, Coconut extract; optional, Asian (Thai) eggplant; cut, Lime juice; (half a lime), Clove minced garlic;, Freshly ground pepper; to, Adzuki beans; cooked,, Hot cooked rice; (jasmine or, Chayote squash; julienned, Fresh coriander leaves; or, 
Prep - Have everything cut and measured; ready to go into the wok. Cut bell  pepper and chayote squash into matchsticks. Roughly chop (1-inch pieces)  the bok choy. Thinly slice the mushrooms. Thinly slice the eggplant; or if  using globe, slice to square-up the eggplant (an end-cut and 4 side cuts).  Cut the remainder into thin wafers. Measure and mix the curry powder into a  paste as instructed on envelop. Allow 10 minutes.    ~ - Heat the wok, add the oil and swirl to coat pan. Fry the chayote squash  and bell pepper: about 4 minutes.    ~ - Add bok choy and eggplant; fry about 2 minutes. (Add a little more oil  only if needed.)    ~ - Add mushrooms and ginger, and garlic, if using. Cook about 1 minute.    ~ - Add the Curry paste and warm through (less than 1 minute.)    ~ - Add coconut milk, soy, lime juice and coriander leaves. Stir just to  warm and combine but not to blend flavors (See notes).    ~ - Taste: adjust flavors with pepper and optional coconut extract (1/8  tsp.).    ~ - Serve at once with hot cooked rice, optional soy and hot sauce (such as  Sriracha).    Yield: 4 servings: Each serving provides 340 Calories -- 7 g fat including  rice. (MC estimate) Canned Light Coconut milk has about 35 cals per 60 ml;       30    cals from fat.    Cooks Notes . . . As described by Jay Solomon: "This dish engulfs your  palate with rolling aromatic flavors accented with occasional lightning  flashes of heat." In order to maintain crispness and unique flavors  (surprises!), halve the cooking time used in Jays recipe. Acknowledgement:  Lean Bean Cuisine (1995) Jay Solomon / ISBN 1-55958-438-6 / Beans,  Vegetarian. Message to McRecipe as low-fat version and to Elf (03 Fe 97).    NOTES : [mcf] Lean Bean Cuisine / Sunday 02 Fe 97 Recipe by: Jay Solomon  (1995);  Pat Hanneman (1997)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 02,  1998