Thai Iced Coffee #1
Sweetened condensed milk, Boiling water, Strong french roasted coffee, 
Mix the above and pour over ice.  Id probably use less water and more  coffee and milk.  (But then I prefer Vietnamese coffee.)     The french coffee served at the Vietnamese restaurants here in Austin make  it with condensed milk, very strong coffee, and the ice.  It is brought to  the table in small glasses with the condensed milk in the bottom and a  small drip coffee maker atop that. Once the coffee has completely dripped  down you stir it up and pour it in a glass of ice. The one place where I  have had Thai coffee brought it to the table already mixed but it had the  same flavor.     You have to get the Thai ground coffee from the Thai market to make the  iced coffee.  From there, just treat it like any regular coffee to make it,  but add LOTS of sugar to sweeten it and then refrigerate to cool it. There  is also a stronger version of Thai coffee called "Oleng" which is very  strong to me and to a lot of coffee lovers.     Ive seen at Vietnamese restaurants, and now use at home, Cafe Du Monde  coffee from the New Orleans coffeehouse of the same name. Its available at  Asian stores for a good price. Make doublestrength coffee with this and  pour into a glass with a couple tablespoons sweetened condensed milk (also  from Asian stores), stir to dissolve. Add ice. (if you add the ice before  the coffee, it will be harder to dissolve the thick, syrupy milk).     You can also get little gizmos from Asian stores which are like mini  Bistro-style coffee makers (eg: Bodum): a cup-like thing with perforated  bottom and a plunger-like top which screws onto it. Fill with coffee, add  plunger (but dont screw down tight), then fill with hot water. Let drip  until done into cup with sweetened condensed milk. Stir and pour into glass  with crushed ice.     I forgot to mention, Cafe Du Monde is pretty much a French roast, and has  some chicory in it. Makes the taste of Vietnamese Cafe Sua Da more  interesting than using more mundane coffees.     The Thai Cafe Yen (spelling?) which Ive had uses heavy cream instead of  the sweetened condensed milk.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.