Texas Fruit Cake
Sugar, (1 cup) pitted dates, left, Double-acting baking powder, (4-5 slices) candied, Bourbon, Candied cherries, tightly, All-Purpose Flour, Salt, Vanilla extract, Eggs, (2 1/2 cups) mixed walnut, 
Adjust oven rack one-third of the way up from the bottom.  Preheat oven to  325 F.  Butter a 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan.  Then cut two strips of aluminum  foil to line the pan, one for the length and one for the width. Put them  into place carefully; the foil should remain smooth.  Brush with melted  butter and dust lightly with fine, dry bread crumbs.  Set aside. Pick over  the dates carefully to see that there are no pits or stems left in them.  Rinse the cherries quickly in cold water and dry them thoroughly between  paper towels.    Place the dates, cherries and pineapple in a large mixing bowl.  Add 2  tablespoons of the flour and toss with your fingers to separate and coat  each piece of fruit thoroughly.  Add the nuts and toss again.  Set aside.  Sift the remaining flour with the baking powder and salt and set aside. In  small bowl of electric mixer at high speed beat the egg yolks and sugar for  about 3 minutes until light.  Reduce the speed to low and add the vanilla  and bourbon, and then the sifted dry ingredients, scraping the bowl with a  rubber spatula, and beating only until smooth. Beat the egg whites until  they hold a firm shape, or are stiff but not dry. Fold the egg whites into  the egg yolk mixture. Pour the batter over the prepared fruit and nuts.  Fold together and then transfer to prepared pan. Cover with plastic wrap  and with your fingers and the palm of your hand, press down very firmly,  especially in the corners of the pan. Make the top as level as possible.  Remove plastic wrap.    Bake 1 1/2 hours until the cake is semi-firm to the touch, covering the top  loosely with foil for the last half hour of baking.  Remove from oven and  cool in pan for 20 minutes.  Cover with a rack and invert. Remove pan and  aluminum foil.  Cover with another rack and invert again to cool, right  side up.    When cool, wrap airtight and refrigerate for at least several hours, or a  day or two if you wish.  Freeze for longer storage. It is best to slice the  cake in the kitchen, and arrange the slices on a tray, or wrap them  individually in clear cellophane.  Turn the cake upside down to slice it.  Use a very sharp, thin knife.  If you have any trouble, hold the knife  under running, hot water before cutting each slice. Cut with a sawing  motion.  It is difficult to cut this cake into very thin slices; for  smaller portions cut each slice in half.    Recipe is from _Maida Heatters Book of Great Desserts_.    Posted to EAT-L Digest  9 November 96    Date:    Sun, 10 Nov 1996 15:59:51 EST    From:    Felicia Pickering <MNHAN063@SIVM.SI.EDU>