Texas-Style Chicken Fried Steak with Cream Gravy
Tenderized beef cutlets;, Egg, milk, Flour, Crisco, Salt, Black Pepper, Paprika, White pepper, 
Lightly beat egg and milk and set aside. Combine flour and spices, mix  well, and turn out onto a flat-surfaced dish or tray. Dip each cutlet into  the milk/egg mixture, then dredge each in the flour mixture, then dip back  into the milk/egg mixture.    Heat cooking oil in a large cast-iron or other heavy skillet over  medium-high heat for a few minutes. Check it with a drop of the egg/milk  mixture; if it pops and sizzles, its ready.    With a long-handled fork, carefully place each cutlet into the hot oil.  Protect yourself (and your kitchen) from the popping grease that results.  Allow cutlets to fry for 3 or 4 minutes, then turn with your long-handled  fork. Cook another 3 or 4 minutes, depending upon the size of the cutlets.  Remove cutlets from oil and allow to drain on paper towels.    Cream Gravy: After cutlets are removed from pan, pour off all but about 3  Tablespoons of the oil, keeping as many as possible of the browned bits in  the pan. Heat the oil over medium heat until hot. Sprinkle 1/2 cup flour  (use the left-over flour from the chicken fried steak recipe -- waste not  ~- want not) in the hot oil. Stir with a wooden spoon, quickly, to brown  the flour. Slowly add 3/4 cup milk and 3/4 cup water, mixed together,  stirring constantly with the wooden spoon and mashing out any lumps. Lower  heat, and gravy will begin to thicken. Continue cooking and stirring a few  minutes until gravy reaches desired thickness. [Note to persons new to  Cream Gravy: Gravy-making is an inexact science. Cream gravy is supposed to  be thick, but if you think its too thick, add more liquid until you like  it.] Check seasonings and add more salt and pepper according to your taste.    Notes: It would be hard to get much more Texan than Chicken Fried Steak.  Quality of the beef really counts in this dish. This recipe calls for cube  steaks, but good round steak that you have asked the butcher to run through  the tenderizer or that you have tenderized yourself with a mallet (no big  deal and can be a real stress reliever) can be even better.    Posted to recipelu-digest by Perry Greene ~~ltpalgreen~~at;hiwaay.net> on Feb 10,  1998