Baked Eggplants and Peppers
olive oil, Cups grated mozzarella, olive oil, Onion, large, finely chopped, Green bell peppers, cut in, Unbleached flour, Pepper, freshly ground to, Eggplants, 1 1/2 lbs, peeled, Ground cumin, Salt, to taste, Cayenne pepper, Cups diced plum tomatoes, Lowfat milk, Dried basil, Wheat germ, 
These are from <<Vegetarian Celebrations> by Nava Atlas and are more  <generic Sephardic recipes that the author feels go well with latkes than  chanukah recipes per se. I havent tried the eggplant, but I like the beans  & her version of Israeli Salad is pretty standard.    Eggplant and peppers, two well-loved vegetables in both the Eastern  European and Sephardic traditions, are combined in a delicious casserole.    Preheat oven to 350?.    Place the diced eggplant in a colander & salt it. Let stand for 30 minutes,  then rinse thoroughly. Heat the oil in a large skillet. Add the onion and  saute over moderate heat until it begins to turn golden. Add the eggplant  and just enough water to keep the bottom of the skillet moist. Cover &  cook, stirring frequently. When the eggplant is about half done, stir in  the basil & cumin. Cook until the eggplant is tender, adding small amounts  of water as needed while cooking to keep the skillet moist. Stir in the  wheat germ and season to taste with salt & pepper.    Oil a large, shallow baking dish & pat the eggplant mixture into it.    Rinse the skillet. Heat the additional oil. Add the peppers and saute over  high heat, stirring frequently, until they begin to brown. Lower the heat,  stir in the tomatoes, and saute for a minute or two, just until they begin  to soften. Slowly sprinkle in the flour, stirring just until it  disappears.Then, slowly stir in the milk and bring to a simmer. Sprinkle in  the cheese, a bit at a time, followed by the cayenne. Let the mixture  simmer until thickened and the cheese is completely melted. Pour over the  eggplant. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes,or until the top is golden brown and  bubbly. Let cool for 10 minutes, then scoop out sections with a spatula to  serve.  Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V96 #79    Date: Sun, 17 Nov 96 10:24:07 CST    From: bgl@leass.PCC.COM (Barbara Leass)