Texas Armadillo Eggs
Spicy Shake N Bake, Cheddar cheese, .Jimmy Dean), Shredded jack cheese, Hot sausage (like Owens or, Egg, -30 jalapenos, Bisquick, 
The peppers can be fresh or canned, just be sure you drain well if canned.  You can also use the round mild cherry peppers instead.    Slice the peppers in half lengthwise down one side only and scrape out the  seeds. If you accidentally cut all the way through, just try to keep the  two halves together. Mix Bisquick, sausage and cheddar in a large bowl.  (Use your hands, and work those muscles!)    Get your assembly line ready: the peppers, the shredded jack cheese,= the  sausage mixture, the beaten egg in a shallow bowl, the Shake N Bake in a  shallow bowl, and a baking rack on a cookie sheet, both coated with cooking  spray.  Stuff each pepper with shredded jack, then stick the halves back  together, if separated.  Grab a handful of the sausage goo and wrap around  the pepper in the shape of an elongated egg. Dip in beaten egg= and roll in  Shake N Bake to coat evenly. Place on baking rack. When the peppers are all  ready, bake at 350 for 25 minutes or till crisp.= NOTES: You can put the  peppers straight on the baking sheet instead of on a rack, but they wind up  flat on one side. Hey, they still taste just as good, though. Also, dont  be stingy with the sausage mixture. Be sure you cover the entire pepper, or  cheese could explode out the side while baking. And, a final thought: Ive  heard it said that you can stuff the peppers with cream cheese instead of  shredded jack. I tried that ONCE, and all I can say is that it takes more  manual dexterity and WAY more patience than I have. And I really didnt  think the results were worth it. But whatever way you decide to go, good  luck.    (I tried cream cheese in both fresh and canned peppers and had good results  ~- in fact the cream cheese didnt melt and run out like the jack cheese  did.  Which reminds me -- after about 10 minutes in the oven the cheese  begins to melt and run.  When that happens remove the= rack from the oven  and turn the "leakers"  up so that the cheese doesnt all run out, then  return the rack to the oven for the duration of the cooking time. -- --  Bill.)    Compuserves Cooking Forum, 1997 Superbowl  Posted to bbq-digest by johncartlidge@lucent.com on Mar 24, 1998