Thai Fried Rice
Salt -- or to taste, === FOR THE SAUCE ===, Tablespoons, Very finely minced peeled, Fresh ginger,, Enough mashed red bean curd, Green chilies, Garlic, Cooked, unsalted, white rice, Minced fresh Chinese, Seeded and, Parsley, Fresh lime or lemon juice, Shallots, Cut into fine slivers, Fresh hot green chili,, Egg, Cucumber sticks, 3" x 1/3" x, Vegetable oil, Very finely minced fresh hot, Cold, Peeled, very finely grated, To make, Peeled and finely slivered, And drained, === Optional Garnishes ===, ", Cut into fine slivers, Mung bean sprouts -- washed, Fresh ginger, Sprigs fresh mint, 5 cloves, Shallots, Quarter-sized slices of, 
Authors Note: It is not so much the ingredients in this dish that make it  different from Chinese fried rice as the sauce it is eaten with. The main  ingredient in this sauce is fermented bean curd, strong cheesy cubes that  are available bottled in most Chinese grocery stores, which sell many types  of fermented bean curd. The type used here consists of cubes that are  doused in a red, winy liquid and are bottled as Red Bean Curd or Nam Yee.  At Thai grocery stores, ask for red "tao hoo yee".    Ks Note: All I could find was Red Bean Curd Sauce, which appears to be the  same thing, but already mashed. Put the oil in a wok or a heavy skillet and  heat over a medium flame. When hot, put in the garlic. Stir and cook for 1  minute. Add the shallots. Stir and fry for another 2 minutes. Add the  ginger and the chili. Stir and fry another minute. Put in the cooked rice  and mung bean sprouts. Stir and fry for 2 minutes. Make a hole in the  center of the rice and break the egg into it. Stir the egg, first in its  hole and then, when it sets a bit, mix it up with the rice. Add the salt.  Stir and fry the rice for 10 minutes or until it has heated through  properly. Stir in the minced Chinese parsley.    Mix all the ingredients for the sauce and put them in a bowl.    To serve, make a mound of the rice in a large platter. Garnish with the  mint and cucumber. Pass along the sauce on the side.    Recipe By     : Madhur Jaffreys World-of-the-East Vegetarian Cooking    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip