Baked Crab, Pepper and Spinach Frittata
Fresh Spinach (1 Lg.Bunch);, Dungeness Crab Meat; well, Onion; minced, Minced Fresh Herbs, olive oil, Salt, Freshly Grated Nutmeg, Garlic; minced, Red Bell Peppers, Butter, Large Eggs, Asiago Or Parmesan Cheese;, 
Saute the onion and garlic in olive oil over moderate heat until soft but  not brown. While onions are cooking, blanch the spinach in lightly salted  boiling water for a few seconds until wilted. Drain and immediately plunge  into ice water to stop the cooking and set the color. Drain again and  gently squeeze as much of the moisture as possible out of the spinach with  a clean tea towel. Coarsely chop spinach and combine with onion mixture.  Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg.    Over an open flame or under a broiler, char peppers on all sides. Remove  and cover loosely with plastic for a few minutes to sweat and then scrape  off charred skin with the point of a knife. Remove and discard seeds and  stems and cut peppers into long thick slices.    Lightly butter or oil a small terrine or loaf pan (8x4x2 1/2 inches) and  line the bottom with buttered waxed paper or parchment.    Beat the eggs briefly together with the herbs and season with salt and  pepper. Layer one third of spinach mixture on bottom of pan. Top with 1/3  of roasted red pepper, 1/3 of the cheese and 1/3 of the crab. Pour about a  third of the egg mixture over and gently tap pan and poke mixture to evenly  distribute eggs. Continue layering in this way.    Place terrine in a larger baking pan and pour enough hot tap water to come  at least 2/3 of the way up the sides of the terrine. Place in a preheated  325 degree oven, cover with parchment or foil and bake in a preheated 325  degree oven until eggs are just set. Remove from water bath and let sit  15-20 minutes before unmolding if serving warm.    Yield: 6 servings  Recipe By     : COOKING RIGHT SHOW #CR9746    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #268    Date: Tue, 29 Oct 1996 16:27:38 -0500 (EST)    From: Bill Spalding <billspa@icanect.net>    NOTES : Show: 10/24 *chives, tarragon, dill or a combination.