Texas Barbecued Beef Brisket
Basic all-american bbq sauce, Beef brisket, All-south barbecue rub, 
From: Gerald Edgerton <jerrye@wizard.com>    Date: Fri, 24 May 1996 12:36:03 -0700    Recipe by: The Thrill of the Grill by Chris Schlesinger 1. Rub the brisket  thoroughly on all its sides with the barbecue rub, and allow it to come to  room temperature. 2. In the pit of a covered grill, build a very small fire  on one side as far up against one wall as possible. Place the brisket on  the grill on the side opposite from the fire so that none of the brisket is  directly over the flame. Put the top on the cooker, pull up a chair, and  grab the cooler. This is where a person learns about the Zen of Barbecue.  You gotta keep the fire going, but very quietly. If youve got a  thermometer on your covered grill, you want to keep the temperature between  180 and 220 F. Remer, "Slow and low is the way to go." You have to figure  out your own personal refueling policy. The one I like is one handful of  coals or wood chunks to every beer.  This goes on for about 8 to 10 hours  or however long you can make it, the longer the better. Dont be scared by  the darkening of the exterior, the outside of the brisket will be  superdark--my personal favorite part. 3. Upon completion, pull the brisket  out, trim off any excess fat, and slice it thin. Serve with barbecue sauce  on the side--no pro would ever cover properly cooked brisket with sauce,  hed just dab on a touch. Obviously the key here is a tremendous amount of  patience and a day when you want to do nothing but sit around. But the end  product is one of those great culinary events that results from spending a  lot of time doing something that is relaxing and enjoyable. Make sure you  have plenty of tall boys for eating this.    the barbecue process was invented. My research, sketchy as it is, shows  that there was a strong German immigrant communitu in Texas around the turn  of the century. It has some of these Germans working in the booming Texas  cattle industry, and others working in butcher shops, what with their  strong background in butchering and charcuterie. It being common knowledge  that butchers are constantly trying to turn tough or inexpensive cuts of  meat into a usable product that brings a higher cost (witness sausages and  pates), it has these German butchers faced with the brisket. This cut of  beef is particularly unwanted because of the huge percentage of fat that  runs ont only on the surface, but throughout the cut. Traditional technique  would braise or pickle this cut to tenderize it, but the brisket also has a  lot of beef flavor. In my personal opinion, a vey smart German butcher who  ws looking for a way to market this cut barbecued it. Were not talking  here about the that was already popular in this area, but rather closed-pit  cooking, in which the cooking is done by convection ratherr than  conduction. It is similar to braising in theory, with the smoke replacing  the water. It is cooked at very low heat for a long period of time, and the  high fat content protects the meat from drying out but also disappears  through the 10 - 18 hour cooking process. What you are left with is very  tender meat with little or no fat and a tremendous smoky beef flavor. I  think the meat and the process were literally invented for each other.    Now, I dont think that you will get any disagreement from the professional  barbecue industry when I say that brisket is the hardest to master--but,  hey, learning is half the fun. And, in the words of Remus Powers, famous  barbecue aficianado, "The best barbecue I ever had is the one on the plate  in front of me."  These are guidelines for the closed-pit barbecuing of  brisket, a basic technique with many variables which is wide open for  personal interpretations.     Chris Schlesinger    Posted to Master Cook Recipes List, Digest #96