Thai Crab Rolls
-- Thai Dipping Sauce --, Distilled white vinegar, Light brown sugar, Garlic, dried red pepper, Fish sauce, -- Crabmeat Filling --, Unsalted butter, Garlic, Onion, Celery, carrot, Fish sauce, Fresh shiitake mushroom caps, Lump crabmeat, black pepper, Spring roll wrappers, All-purpose flour, Vegetable oil, 
PREPARE THE SAUCE:      Combine the vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan and bring the mixture  to a boil over moderate heat. Boil just until the sugar is dissolved.  Transfer the liquid to a small bowl. Add the garlic, pepper, and fish  sauce.  Set aside. MAKE   THE FILLING:      Melt the butter in a skillet over moderate heat. Add the garlic and  onion and cook until the onion is translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the  celery, carrot and mushrooms, and saute until the vegetables are soft but  not browned, about 2 minutes.  Add the crabmeat, fish sauce and black  pepper and toss well.  Transfer the filling to a bowl and cool completely.  ASSEMBLE THE ROLLS:      Stack the spring roll wrappers.  Using a sharp knife or scissors, cut  the stacked wrappers in half along the diagonal. Work with one triangle at  a time, keeping the remaining wrappers covered with a damp kitchen towel to  prevent drying.      Place a triangle smooth side down on a work surface, with the long edge  nearest you.  Lightly brush the sheet with the flour paste. Place 2 heaping  teaspoons of the filling along the lower edge of the wrapper, [then fold in  points at the side over filling] and then roll up from the bottom to  enclose the filling. Place the roll seam side down on a large plate and  keep covered with a damp towel while you fill and roll the remaining  triangles.      Preheat the oven to 250F.  Line a baking sheet with paper towels.   COOK  THE ROLLS:      Heat 2 inches of oil in a wok or deep heavy skillet to 350F. Gently add  the rolls in batches and cook, turning occasionally, until golden brown,  about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a sieve set over a large  bowl to drain.  Transfer the rolls to the baking sheet and keep warm in the  oven while you cook the remaining rolls.      Serve the rolls with the dipping sauce.   VARIATION: Crabmeat Triangles:  Cut each spring roll wrapper into 3 strips. Place 2 teaspoons of the  filling on a bottom corner of each strip and fold up and over flag-style to  form triangles.  Brush the end with flour paste before the last fold to  seal.  Fry and serve with the sauce as above.      If you prefer to bake rather than fry these treats, wrap up the filling  flag-style in strips of phyllo pastry to form triangles, spray or brush  with butter, and bake in a preheated 375F oven until golden brown, about 15  to 20 minutes.  Serve the triangles on their own, without sauce. *Cooks  Notes:  When buying fish sauce, look for the Squid or Tiparos brand. Once  opened, fish sauce lasts up to a year at room temperature. Fish sauce is  available in Asian markets and in some well-stocked supermarkets.      Cooked salmon, lobster meat, or chicken may be substituted for the  crabmeat.      For additional flavor and texture, wrap the fried rolls in tender  lettuce leaves, along with some sprigs of mint and coriander, before  dipping into the sauce. Yield: 20 rolls for hors doeuvres, or enough for 4  to 6 appetizer servings. Source: Cooking Under Wraps      The fish sauce was missing from the ingredients so I found the original recipe at http://www.completerecipes.com/113281.htm and updated this one.