Texas Brownies
Dark Cocoa, DESSERTS FROM CHEF FREDDYS, Vanilla, Sugar, milk, Coffee, Vanilla, Shortening, Butter, Flour, Dark Cocoa (unsweetened), Baking soda, Powdered sugar, Butter, Buttermilk, Eggs, FOR THE FROSTING, FOR THE BROWNIES, 
?If you dont have buttermilk on hand, substitute 2ts  vinegar or lemon juice mixed into ?c milk... or use  powdered buttermilk mixed as the directions specify.?    Preheat oven to 400?    1)   In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and the  sugar... In a heavy sauce pan, combine the butter,  shortening, coffee (or water), and cocoa, and heat...  stirring to boiling... 2) Pour the cocoa mixture over  the flour mixture in the bowl, add the buttermilk (or  the substitute), eggs, baking soda, and vanilla, and  mix well using a wooden spoon or high speed elec.  mixer... 3) Pour into a well battered 17?" x 11" jelly  roll pan and bake in a 400? oven for 20 min. or until  the brownies test done in the center... 4) While the  bownies bake... prepare the frosting, by combining the  cocoa, butter, and milk in a sauce pan and heating,  stirring to boiling... Then mix in the sugar and the  vanilla until the mixture is smooth... 5) Pour warm  frosting over the brownies as soon as they come out of  the oven... Cool... cut and serve...    *** Microwave Directions *** 1M) In a large mixing  bowl, combine the sugar and the flour... and in a  microwave safe dish, combine the butter, coffee (or  water), and the cocoa... and microwave on high (100%)  for 2 min. until just boiling... 2M) Pour the boiling  mixture over the flour mixture, stirring to blend...  Add the buttermilk (or subtitute), eggs, baking soda,  and vanilla, mixing well... 3M) Pour the entire  mixture into a microsafe 9" x 11" baking dish and nuke  at med-high (70%) for 18 minturning the dish every 4  to 5 min., until the brownies test done in the  center... (They may still appear soft on the surface)  4M) Prepare the frosting in a microsafe dish by  combining the butter, cocoa, and the milk... and  nuking on high for 2 min... stirring once, add the  powdered sugar and vanilla, stirring to blend... 5M)  Pour warm frosting over the hot brownies ... let  cool... cut and serve...    From the Great American Recipes collection and Fred  Goslin on Cyberealm Bbs in Watertown NY. at (315)  786-1120    