Tequila Cured Salmon Gravalax
golden tequila, Fresh dill weed, Lime, salmon fillet, pumpernickel bread, Spicy mustard, CURING INGREDIENTS, Fresh cilantro leaves, dark brown, Black peppercorns, Fresh cilantro leaves, Fresh chives, Coarse kosher-style salt, GARNISH, 
SPECIAL EQUlPMENT: Culinary-grade cheesecloth to wrap the fillets Heavy  objects to weigh down the salmon as it cures, such as a bag of sugar or  flour, bags of dried beans, or a jug of cooking oil. Put the peppercorns in  a small plastic bag and crush, using the bottom of a heavy skillet. Add the  sugar and salt to the hag and blend well together. Place 1 cup cilantro and  the dill and chives together in the howl of a food processor fitted with a  metal blade and chop fine. Lay a clean, washed, approximately  16-inch-square single layer of cheesecloth on a clean work surface. Place  the fish fillets skin-side down on the cheesecloth. Spread the  pepper/sugar/salt mixture evenly over the salmon. Spread the chopped herbs  in the same manner and then sprinkle the tequila over the herbs. Once all  the tequila has been absorbed, sandwich the two fillets together, flesh to  flesh and skin sides out. Position the fillet "sandwich" in the center of  the cloth and wrap as you would a gift, pulling the cloth as tightly as  possible around the fillets. Lay the package on a cake cooling rack set in  a pan. The rack allows air to circulate for more efficient drying, while  the pan will catch the liquid expelled during the 3-day curing period. Put  the weight in a second, smaller cake pan and place it on top of the fillets  to press out the unwanted water. Place the entire contraption in the bottom  of your refrigerator. Turn every 24 hours, replacing the weight each time.  At the end of the 3 days, remove the cloth, discard any accumulated liquid,  scrape off the herbs, rinse with water, and pat the fish dry. To serve,  finely chop one cup of fresh cilantro and cover the flesh side of the fish.  Using a very sharp knife, slice the salmon as thinly as possible, at a  45-degree angle. Your first slices may look a bit rough, but be patient.  With a little practice youll soon he turning out elegant green-edged red  ribbons of gravalax. Serve on pumpernickel with spicy mustard and wedges of  lime. * *    Visit Bantam Doubleday Dell Online, a web site which provides free excerpts  of upcoming books; the URL is http://www.bdd.com    Per serving (excluding unknown items): 5 Calories; less than one gram Fat  (16% calories from fat); 0g Protein; 1g Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 2mg  Sodium    NOTES : Rather than using smoke or heat, this traditional Scandinavian  technique uses salt, sugar, alcohol, time, and a pressing weight to produce  a silky, moist-textured cured fish that is as versatile and appealing as  smoked salmon. In this New World rendition -- one of the most popular  appetizers served at 21 -- tequila replaces aquavit, and cilantro and  chives join the traditional dill flavoring. Excerpt From: The 21 Cookbook  by Michael Lomonaco with Donna Forsman    Recipe by: Chef Michael Lomonaco    Posted to bbq-digest V5 #735 by RockMc <RockMc@aol.com> on Dec 1, 1997