Baked Polenta with Mushroom Ragout
Fresh Shitake mushrooms;, Water, Garlic, MUSHROOM RAGOUT, Cornstarch, Dry Red Wine, Mozzarella cheese, White mushrooms, Beef broth, Cornmeal, olive oil, Parmesan cheese, Unsalted butter, POLENTA, Worcestershire Sauce, olive oil, Tomato paste, Onion, Dried rosemary, Parsley, fresh, 
Date: Fri, 01 Mar 1996 03:22:46 -0400    From: Manzanita <manzana@dorsai.org>  Heres one from Gourmet magazine a few years back--I made this recipe a  couple of times--I substituted shitake mushrooms with Portobellos--yum!  Its worth the prep time! I didnt do the star thing that the recipe calls  for, I just made the top layer smooth. I have to also finish transcribing a  good one from Bon Apetit this month,--a delicious roasted vegetable  casserole with a polenta top--Ill send that to you soon, too. But for now  try this one!!    Make the mushroom ragout: In a large deep skillet cook the onion, the  garlic, and the rosemary in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the  onion is softened, add the mushrooms and salt to taste, and cook the  mixture over moderately high heat, stirring, for 10 minutes, or until the  liquid the mushrooms give off is evaporated. Stir in the tomato paste and  the wine and boil the mushroom mixture until most of the liquid is  evaporated. In a small bowl stir the cornstarch into the broth, add the  mixture and the Worcestershire sauce to the mushroom mixture, and bring the  ragout to a boil, stirring. Simmer the ragout for 2 minutes and season it  with salt and pepper.    In a large heavy saucepan bring the water with the oil to a boil and add 1  cup of the cornmeal, a little at a time, stirring constantly.  Reduce the  heat to low, add the remaining 1 cup cornmeal in a slow stream, stirring  constantly, and bring the mixture to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat  and stir in the butter, 2/3 cup of the Parmesan, the parsley, and salt and  pepper to taste.    Spread one third of the polenta evenly in a buttered 13- by 9-inch baking  dish and chill the polenta sheet for 20 minutes, or until it is firm. While  the polenta is chilling, working quickly, spread half the remaining polenta  in a buttered 3-quart shallow baking dish, top it with half the mushroom  ragout, and top the ragout with the mozzarella. Spread the remaining  polenta quickly over the mozzarella and top it with the remaining ragout.    Invert the polenta sheet onto a work surface and with 1 or more star-shaped  cutters cut out as many stars as possible. Arrange the stars decoratively  on the ragout and sprinkle them with the remaining 1/3 cup Parmesan. The  layered polenta may be prepared up to this point 2 days in advance and kept  covered and chilled.    Preheat the oven to 400F. Bake the layered polenta in the upper third of  the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the polenta stars are golden.    NOTE: The recipe did NOT call for any cornmeal! I assume from the  instructions that 2 cups is what is needed....Glen    MC-RECIPE@MASTERCOOK.COM    MASTERCOOK RECIPES LIST SERVER    From the MasterCook recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.