Ten Bean Harvest Vegetable Soup
Orange peel, minced, Stalk leafy rib celery, Fresh Cilantro, Onion bouillon cube, see, Soy sauce, low sodium, Canned tomatoes, chopped, Parsnip, Dried beans, assorted, Green onion, with 2" greens, Garlic, roasted, Black bean sauce, see pantry, Mixed vegetables, dried,, Red new potato, Carrot, Chopped fresh spinach, Chicken bouillon, granules, Chopped watercress, REMAINDER, Sweet potato, Chopped fresh tarragon, Vegetable oil, Peppercorns, tri-colored, Saffron threads, THINLY SLICED VEGETABLES, 
PANTRY The Beans -- Use only 1 cup of a ten-bean assortment; such as  Anasazi Brothers Cliff Dweller Complete Bean Soup Mix. The mix should have  a variety of both beans and peas, the small creamy sort (no kidney beans).  The Cliff Dweller mix included: small navy, black eyed peas, anasazi, small  pink, small black, small speckled, baby limas, split peas, red lentils,  yellow peas). The bag was unlabeled, so this list is unordered. The  Bouillon -- both telma and knorr make 14g onion bouillon cubes. LINK to  onion gravy in mastercook. The Black Beans: use the powder, if you can get  it. RINSE the beans several times under cold tap water. Put beans into a 4  cup glass measure and add hot water to the 3-1/2 cup mark. Add 1 teaspoon  of vegetable oil; stir well. Allow beans to soak for about 60 to 90 minutes  or until the beans have tripled. Rinse under cold water. Heat about 6 cups  of water in a stock pot to a boil and add the rinsed beans. Bring just to a  boil; reduce the heat to the lowest simmer on a slow burner. Add onion  bouillon, soy, vegetable oil, dried vegetable flakes, freshly ground red,  green and black to taste, and the orange rind. Cover, slightly ajar and let  simmer about hours; removing any foams. Add ingredients -- tomatoes through  the saffron. (Adjust seasonings to taste with pepper and/or soy.) Simmer,  partially covered, for 60 minutes. Add the chopped greens; stir. Cook about  10 minutes, uncovered. SERVE with cracked wheat dinner roll. Makes 12 cups.  A 3-cup helping has 298 cals, 7.1% CFF (or 2.5 g). Reheats well, but not  often. "Makes a very tasty bean soup, aromatic with orange and saffron and  herbs." Posted to McRecipe and Elf (Jan 1997).  Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n006    Recipe by: Pat Hanneman in Soup Scoop (Jan1997)    From: PATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>    Date: Sun, 05 Jan 1997 20:38:52 -0800