Tarte Tatin W/oatmeal Crust
Unsalted butter, chilled;, Lemon peel; grated, Unsalted butter, Sugar, Salt, Unsweetened whipped cream;, Flour, Golden delicious apples,, Each apple cut into 3 wedges, Pastry, Ice water, Filling, Sugar, Old fashioned oats, Brown Sugar, 
For pastry:  Blend oats and sugar in a processor until oats are finely  ground.  Blend in flour and salt.  Add butter and process using the on/off  button, until mixture resembles coarse meal.  Mix in ice water by the  tablespoon, until mixture begins to clump together.  Gather dough into  ball, flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic; chill 1 hour. (Can be made 2 days  ahead.  Keep chilled.  Soften at room temperature before rolling.)    For filling:  Preheat oven to 425.  Melt butter in a heavy 10" diameter  cast iron skillet over medium heat. Gradually mix in both sugars; stir  until sugars begin to dissolve and mixture starts to bubble, about 2  minutes. Mix in lemon peel. Remove from heat. Arrange apple wedges on their  sides in a circle around the eges of the skillet, so they fit tightly.  Place several apple wedges tightly together in center of skillet. Cut any  remaining apple wedges into 1/2" pieces; scatter over apple wedges,  mounding slightly  in center.    Place skillet over medium heat and cook 3 minutes.  Cover skillet and cook  apples 5 minutes.  Uncover skillet and cook until apple juices and sugars  form syrup but apples are still firm to touch, about 10 minutes.  Remove  from heat.    Roll out dough between sheets of floured wax paper to 12" round.  Peel off  top sheet of paper.  Using bottom sheet of waxed paper as an aid, invert  dough onto warm apples in skillet.  Remove wax papper.  Press pastry edges  down and inside skillet around apples.    Bake until crust is deep golden, about 40 minutes.  Using a small knife,  cut around crust to loosen. Let stand 1 minute. Place a large platter over  skillet.  Using oven mitts as an aid, hold platter and skillet tightly  together and invert tart onto platter.  Rearrange any apples that may have  become dislodged.  Cool to lukewarm, about 30 minutes.  Cut into wedges.  Garnish with a dollop of unsweetened whipped cream on top of slice.    Note:  As the tart cools, the crust gets flakier, so its best not to have  this right out of the oven.  Try it lukewarm or at room temperature.    Posted to FOODWINE Digest 21 Sep 96    Date:    Sun, 22 Sep 1996 07:44:15 -0400    From:    Laura Hunter <LHunter722@AOL.COM>