Teriyaki Yelloweye Rockfish with Pineapple Salsa
PINEAPPLE SALSA, Fresh Lemon Juice, Honey, REST, Fresh lime wedges, for, Red pepper, finely diced, Cider vinegar, Fresh ginger root, finely, TERIYAKI MARINADE, Fresh ginger root, minced, Skinless yelloweye rockfish, Soy sauce, Brown sugar, Garlic, finely minced, Crushed red pepper flakes, Orange, peeled, 1/4 inch, Cilantro, chopped, Peanut oil for cooking, Sugar, Orange zest, finely grated, Salt, Red onion, finely diced, Sake or dry sherry, Fresh lime juice, Crushed red pepper flakes, Toasted sesame oil, Brown sugar, Fresh pineapple, 1/4 inch, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for, Orange juice, optional, 
Pineapple Salsa: In a medium, nonreactive bowl mix all the salsa  ingredients together well.    Marinade: In a saucepan combine the marinade ingredients. Bring to a slow  boil over medium-high heat, then remove pan from heat. Chill marinade well  before using.    1. Place fish pieces in a glass baking dish and pour chilled marinade over  fish. Cover and refrigerate for 1-1/2 to 2 hours. 2. Heat a large, heavy  skillet over medium-high heat. Add a little peanut oil. Remove fish from  marinade, shake off excess marinade and place fish in hot pan. Sear fillets  on each side for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the fish is nicely seared on each  side, cooking more or less, depending on the thickness of the fish. 3.  Remove fish to individual plates and top with Pineapple Salsa. Garnish with  lime wedges and cilantro sprigs. Chefs notes: Yelloweye are sometimes  referred to as yelloweye snapper, but actually they are a member of the  rockfish family. Any type of rockfish can be substituted for the yelloweye.  Salmon is also delicious marinated in teriyaki and grilled. The marinade  can be made and kept refrigerated for up to two weeks.    NOTES : Recipe copyright 1993 Kathy Casey, from Pacific Northwest the  Beautiful Cookbook, Collins Publishers, San Francisco. MC formatted 2/8/97  by MsRooby@sprintmail.com  Recipe by: Kathy Casey, Seattle Times 2/5/97    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #476 by "Rooby" <MsRooby@sprintmail.com> on  Feb 8, 1997.