Bakers Memory Potatoes
Salt, Salt, Unsalted butter, (1/2 stick), ONION FILLING, Peanut oil, POTATOES, Fresh minced thyme or 1, Champagne Vinegar or white, Onions, (about 2/3 to 3/4, Russet potatoes, (about 5, 
For the Onion Filling, place a heavy medium saucepan on medium low heat and  add the oil. Add the onions and thyme, cover and cook until very tender,  for about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the vinegar, bring to a  boil and stir until absorbed. Season with salt and pepper. (This can be  prepared ahead, cooled, covered and set aside at room temperature.) For the  potatoes, carefully cut potatoes into thin, even slices using a knife, a  mandoline or a food processor with a slicing blade. Place in a large bowl  of cold water. (This can be prepared to this point and set aside at room  temperature in bowl covered with cold water. Drain before continuing with  the recipe.) To cook, preheat the oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit. Dry the  drained potatoes well in a lettuce spinner and a clean bath towel. Line a  large baking sheet with parchment paper. Trace four 5 inch circles on the  parchment with dark ink. Turn the paper over. If the circles are not  visible, redraw them so they are. Brush the circles lightly with butter.  Overlap the potatoes to cover the bottom of each circle, using the least  attractive slices for the center. Brush lightly with butter. Season with  salt and pepper. Divide the onions among the centers of the circles.  Flatten onions to 1/8 inch thick circles using a spatula. Overlap 1 layer  of potatoes around the rim of each circle, leaving part of the onion center  exposed. Brush the top layer of potatoes lightly with butter. Season with  salt and pepper. Press down on the top layer, sealing it to the bottom  layer. Bake until brown and crisp, for about 30 minutes. Press the layers  together and neaten edges several times while baking. To serve, slide a  long narrow spatula under the potatoes to loosen them from the paper.  Switch to a broad spatula and carefully transfer the potatoes to 4 small or  main course plates, neatening the edges if necessary. Serve immediately.  Yield: 4 servings    Recipe by: CHEF DU JOUR MICHEL RICHARD SHOW #DJ9353 Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #632 by "Ed Bauman" <BIRCHCREEK@msn.com> on May 31, 97