Tempura #2
all-purpose flour, Green pepper, Fresh gingerroot, shrimp, fresh, Baking soda, Parsley, fresh mushrooms, water, Sweet potatoes, BATTER, Vegetable oil, Scallion, Radish, Beef broth, GARNISH, DIPPING SAUCE, Scallops, Egg yolk, Soy sauce, Dry sherry wine, Fresh horseradish, 
Date: Sat, 2 Mar 96 15:29:00 EST    submitted by: Cynara@ix.netcom.com  Ahh! Chinese New Year, where combine the food preparations of Thanksgiving  and the generous spirit of Christmas...stretched over the period of ..two  weeks!!  Dont have many traditional receipts (havent had time to  translate!) so heres a couple of "asian" receipts  :)! San Francisco, CA    Shell and devine shrimp, leaving shell on tip of tail. Boil in salted  water, bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer covered for five minutes.  Drain;cool. Do the same for scallops but simmer for about three minutes.  Placed cooled seafood with the sliced veggies, cover with plastic wrap and  keep in fridge till ready to cook.    Batter: In a large mixing bowl, use a wooden spoon to combine egg yolk and  ice cold water and baking soda.  Wit ha a wire whisk, stir in unsifted  flour to make a smooth batter (batter will be thin!). Use batter soon after  its made; doesnt stand well.    Place Veg oil 3 inces deep and heat to 375 F on deep frying thermometer.  Coat each piece seperately into batter and coat lightly!  Deep fry a few at  a time till lightly browned, bout three or so minutes.    Dipping : In a small saucepan, combine soy sauce, beef broth and sherry;  bring to boiling. Place in shallow serving bowls for each guest.  Grate  remaining ingredients and seperately in serving bowls for guests to add to  their sauce to their tastes.    Tempura is best cooked at the table and served immediately.  Serve a  combination of seafood and a varity of vegetables to each guest, along with  the sauce, garnish with radish slices and scallion brushes. Variations can  be made to your own tastes  :) Some suggestions wwould be white fish, fresh clams, mussels, (any fresh  veg) broccoli, zucchini, carrots, scallions or sweet Bermuda onions.    DAVE <DAVIDG@CLAM.RUTGERS.EDU>    RECIPEINTERNET LIST SERVER    From the RECIPEinternet: Recipes from Around the World recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.