Baked Stuffed Chicken
(7+ oz.) chopped beef, (3 oz.) chopped almonds, Vegetable oil, Salt, Pepper, Half-cooked rice, Parsley, Chicken; about 1-1/2 kilos, Onion, Lemon; rind of, chopped, Garlic, Sweet paprika, 
From: Ruth Heiges <heiges@post.tau.ac.il>    Date: Fri, 2 Aug 1996 20:03:33 +0300 (IDT)  The following are from todays (August 2, 1996) edition of the Jerusalem  POST. This food writer, Daniel Rogov, is known for printing a lot of  non-kosher recipes (to the dismay of a lot of JP readers), so I will spare  you the French recipe (which uses goat cheese!). In all cases, Ive changed  butter to margarine and converted the metric measures to English  approximations. These can be good anytime, but Im thinking ahead to Rosh  Hashana.    The writer notes: "Despite their drawbacks, even mass-produced chickens can  be made tasty, and there is no better way to prepare a chicken than by  stuffing it with ingredients that complement and highlight the natural  flavor of the meat. Italians are particularly fond of stuffing their  chickens with rice and celery; the French use celery and onions; Egyptians,  Syrians and Jordanians rely heavily on the use of nuts ..."    Clean the chicken well, discarding the excess fat. Sprinkle lightly inside  and out with salt. Let stand for 1 hour and then rinse in running water. [I  doubt whether this is necessary if one soaks it in salted water for  koshering.] Pat dry with toweling.    In a bowl, mix together the chopped beef, onion, garlic and lemon rind. Add  the rice, nuts and parsley and 1/2 tsp each of the salt and pepper. Mix  well by hand and then saute in a skillet with 1/4 cup of the oil, sauteing  until the onions are translucent.    With this mixture, stuff the cavity of the chicken. Sew closed.    Place the stuffed chicken inn a baking dish and sprinkle to taste with  salt, pepper and sweet paprika. With a brush, coat the chicken lightly with  some of the remaining oil. Place in an oven that has been preheated to 200  C/390 F and baste occasionally wit oil and the pan drippings. The chicken  will be ready when it is nicely reddish brown. Serve hot.    Daniel Rogov, Jerusalem POST Magazine, August 2, 1996.  ------    JEWISH-FOOD digest 295    From the Jewish Food recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.