Tea-Steamed Scallops with Charred Zucchini
Rice vinegar, Water, Zucchini, TEASTEAMED SCALLOPS, Large scallops, Loose black tea leaves, such, Canola, vegetable or peanut, Soy sauce, Grated orange zest, Red bell pepper, stemmed and, CHARRED ZUCCHINI, Sugar, Soy sauce, Crushed red-pepper flakes, Honey, Grated orange zest, Crushed red pepper flakes, 
1. To prepare the tea-steamed scallops: Bring the water to a boil and stir  in the tea leaves. Cover and set aside 5 minutes. Strain through a fine  sieve and cool.    2. Combine 2 cups of the tea with the honey, soy sauce, red-pepper flakes,  and orange zest. Stir in the scallops, cover and marinate in refrigerator 1  hour.    3. To prepare the charred zucchini: Trim the ends of the zucchini. Cut in  halves and then crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces. Cut the red pepper into  matchsticks. Stir together the soy sauce, vinegar, orange zest, sugar and  red-pepper flakes; set aside.    4. In a large, heavy skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. When the  pan is very hot, add the vegetables, pressing down with a spatula. Cook a  few minutes until the vegetables are lightly charred (browned) on one side.  Then stir and cook 1 minute.    5. Turn the heat to high and add the soy mixture. Stir with a spatula until  vegetables are lightly glazed. Remove from the pan and set aside.    6. To finish the scallops: Drain the scallops, reserving the marinade.  Combine the reserved marinade with the remaining brewed tea and pour into a  large pan that can be fitted with a steamer rack. Bring to a boil. Place  the scallops on the rack and put over the boiling liquid. (The scallops  should not be touching the liquid.) Cover and steam 5 minutes or until  cooked through.    7. Serve the scallops with the charred zucchini on the side.    Adapted from "The Tea Book" by Sara Perry. These recipes were developed or  tested by CeCe Sullivan of The Seattle Times food staff and were evaluated  by staff members. Copyright 1997 The Seattle Times Company.    Recipe by: Seattle Times 4/2/97 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #581 by Rooby  <MsRooby@sprintmail.com> on Apr 20, 1997