Baked Ratatouille with Cheese Custard
Onions; chopped fine, CHEESE CUSTARD, Green bell pepper; cut into, milk, Egg yolks, Red bell pepper; cut into, Cooked chick-peas; rinsed, Garlic, Stick; (1/4 cup) unsalted, All-purpose flour, Freshly Parmesan; (about 2, Ground allspice, FOR RATATOUILLE, Eggplant; (about 1 large),, Packed fresh basil leaves;, Packed fresh parsley leaves;, Yellow bell pepper; cut into, Vine-ripened tomatoes;, Black Pepper, olive oil, Dried hot red pepper flakes, 
Make ratatouille: In a 12-inch non-stick skillet heat 2 tablespoons oil  over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook half of eggplant,  stirring frequently, until golden brown and tender, about 6 minutes.  Transfer cooked eggplant to a 2- to 2 1/2-quart gratin dish or other  shallow baking dish. Cook remaining eggplant in 2 tablespoons oil in same  manner and add to dish.    In skillet cook onions, garlic, and red pepper flakes in remaining  tablespoon oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until onions are  softened. Add bell peppers and cook over moderate heat, stirring  occasionally, until tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in remaining ratatouille  ingredients and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Season mixture  with salt and additional pepper and spoon evenly over eggplant.    Preheat oven to 375F.    Make cheese custard: In a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan melt butter over  moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes and  whisk in milk in a stream and salt and pepper to taste. Bring sauce to  boil, whisking constantly, and simmer, whisking, 2 minutes. Stir in  Parmesan and remove pan from heat. In a heatproof bowl whisk yolks together  and whisk in about one fourth of sauce. Whisk yolk mixture into remaining  sauce.    Spoon custard over ratatouille. Ratatouille may be prepared up to this  point 4 hours ahead and chilled, covered.    Bake ratatouille in middle of oven 45 minutes, or until custard is lightly  browned. Cool ratatouille 10 minutes before serving.    Serves 4 to 6 as a main course or 8 as a side dish    Gourmet September 1995    Posted to recipelu-digest by Sandy <sandysno@pctech.net> on Mar 05, 1998