Baked Spinach and Sumac Pastries
Water, Active dry yeast, olive oil, Fresh spinach, Allspice, Salt, Sugar, Baking soda, Onion, FOR THE FILLING, Coarse salt, Sumac, FOR THE PASTRY DOUGH, Plain low-fat yogurt; beat, Lemon, Juice of (about 3, Walnuts; finely chopped, Black Pepper, Parsley, All-purpose flour, 
Oven:  350=B0    For the dough: In the workbowl of a food processor, combine the yeast,  sugar and water, pulsing once. Spread 2 cups of the flour mixed with the  salt and the baking soda over the yeast and place the workbowl cover on  top. Let stand 15 minutes. With the machine running, slowly add the oil and  then the yogurt. Process until smooth, about 20 seconds. Turn the dough  onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and springy in  texture, about 5 minutes. Cover with a heavy kitchen towel and put in a  warm place until dough rises, about 1 hour.    For the filling: Wash and stem the spinach. In a large colander, rub the  spinach with 1 1/2 tablespoons salt, let stand for at least 30 minutes.  Squeeze the spinach to remove excess moisture; rinse to remove excess salt  and chop finely. Squeeze the spinach until dry. Add the parsley, onion,  allspice, sumac, lemon juice, olive oil, nuts and pepper to taste. Correct  the seasoning.    Preheat the oven to 350?. Divide the dough into nine equal parts. On a  lightly floured work surface, roll each part into a smooth round and allow  to rest for 10 minutes, then roll each part into a 5-inch round. Place an  equal amount of filling in the shape of a long triangle in the center of  each round. Fold two sides in toward the center, and the remaining short  side down to form a triangle. Crimp the seams with fingertips. Bake on a  non-stick pan until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven,  set the pan on a rack, cover with a damp towel and let stand 10 minutes.  Serve hot or cold.    Yield: 9 pastries  Recipe By     : COOKING RIGHT SHOW #CR9733    Posted to EAT-L Digest 19 October 96    Date:    Sun, 20 Oct 1996 06:48:26 -0400    From:    Bill Spalding <billspa@ICANECT.NET>    NOTES : Show: 10/16/9