Baked Samosa Logs with Fruit-Sweetened Tomato Chutney
Curry powder, Baby peas, fresh or frozen, Virgin olive oil, Tomatoes; diced, with juice, Cilantro, fresh; chopped, Salt, Tomato puree, White grape juice, Cauliflower; diced, Jalapeno pepper; minced, Cumin seeds; crushed, Lemon juice, Ginger root; freshly grated, Olive oil spray or olive oil, LOGS, Cayenne pepper OR, Coconut flakes, unsweetened, Whole-wheat chapatis, CHUTNEY, Coriander seeds; crushed, salt and pepper, Paprika, 
Logs: Steam cauliflower in a large pan for 10 minutes. If using frozen  peas, defrost; addpeas and steam for 3 more minutes. Transfer cauliflower  and peas to a bowl and add coconut, curry powder, cayenne or paprika,  cilantro, lemon juice and salt. Toss to mix. Allow mixture to cool slightly  and divide into 12 portions, about 1/2 cup each.    Place one chapati on a work surface and brush lightly with water. With  your hands, shape a portion of the vegetable mixture into a log. Place  about 1 1/2 inches from the botom edge of the chapati. Roll chapati  halfway, fold in sides, then finish rolling into a log. Place on a baking  sheet, seam side down. Repeat processwith remaining chapatis.    Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spray or brush samosas lightly with o8il.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until crisp and golden. Cut each samosa in half.  Makes 24 logs; serves 8. Serve with fruit-sweetened tomato chutney.    Hints: Samosas can be made a day ahead of time and baked just before  serving. If you cant find chapatis, you can substitute flour tortillas  (either white or whole wheat).    Chutney: Heat oil in a large saucepan. Add ginger, pepper, and cumin and  coriander seeds. Cook until fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add remaining  ingredients and bring mixture toa boil. Reduce heat an simmer, uncovered,  for 35 to 40 minutes. Makes about 1 1/2 cups.    Hints: Chutney can be made up to 2 ays before serving. Store in the  refrigerator.    If you double the recipe, increase cooking time by 15 minutes. If you  freeze the chutney, season with salt and pepper before serving. Per serving  (3 logs + 3 tbs. chutney): 255 cal; 7 g prot; 4 g fat; 46 g carb; 0 chol;  791 mg sod; 6 g fiber; vegan Source: Vegetarian Times, July 93/MM by  DEEANNE Submitted By DONW1948@AOL.COM On 30 OCT 1995 115833 -0600    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdjaxxx.zip