Tea Smoked Chicken
Soy sauce, Thin slices pared fresh, Dry sherry, Green onions; cut into 2, Kosher salt, Black tea leaves, Whole broiler/fryer chicken;, Cloves garlic; peeled,, Granulated sugar, Orange Peel, Long-grain rice, Green peppercorns, Black peppercorns, Strip tangerine peel; (about, Lemon Peel, Brown sugar, 
For Marinade, Crush peppercorns. Use Motar and pestle or use a household  hammer with peppercorns between a paper towel. Combine the peppercorns,  sherry, soy sauce, granulated sugar, ginger, Garlic, onion pieces and salt.    Rub chicken inside and out with marinade. Cover and refridgerate a min of 8  hours best left overnight.    Place Chicken breast side up on a rack in a large stock pot. Pour in 2  inches water. Cover, bring to a boil, and steam until meat near the thigh  is no longer pink, About 50 to 60 minutes. Let stand until cooled enough to  handle. Lift chicken from rack and drain juices from cavity.    Line a large wokand its lid with foil. ( Do not use a electric wok with  non stick finish) For smoking place tea leaves, brown sugar, rice, and  tangerine,orange, lemon peel in bottom of foil lined wok. Mix well. Set  rack on top of mixture in wok. Place Chicken breast side up on rack. Cover  with foil lined lid.    Cook over high heat for 21/2 -3 minutes. Turn off heat and leave covered 7  minutes. Repeat 3 more times. After final smoking, let stand, covered to  allow smoke to subside, about 30-45 minutes. Do not uncover during this  period, this is very important for two reasons first smoke is heavy and is  needed to penatrate the bird second is this smoke will set off your smoke  alarm in your house. Discard smoking mixture.    Slice Chicken from the bones and arrange on serving plate. You may top with  a Store prepaired Chinese Plum Sauce.    Enjoy this smoked treat. This is one of my families favorite dishes, I make  this all the time when my wives family is in town also. This past christmas  I even smoked a 19# turkey with this same method. Of course I had to alter  the receipe to accomadate this bird and used a large roasting pan instead  of a wok. Turned out great use your own imagination on what to smoke next.    Posted to bbq-digest Volume 98 Issue 023 by "William S. Cooper"  <WCooper5@compuserve.com> on Jan 9, 1998