Baked Trout with Yoghurt and Herbs
Fresh chopped parsley, Fresh chopped tarragon, Chives, Greek strained yoghurt, Fresh chopped oregano, Whipping cream, Clarified or unsalted butter, Chopped fennel, Fresh chopped thyme, (6-8 oz) trout, 
From: Wendy Lockman <wlockman@ra1.randomc.com>    Date: Sun, 11 Feb 1996 10:35:49 -0500  Choose a baking dish or other shallow oven-proof dish suitable for bringing  to table, which is just large enough to take the trout in a single layer  when they are arranged head to tail. Thoroughly dry the fish with plenty of  kitchen paper. Make a frying pan very hot, barely smear it with fat and fry  the fish briefly, one or two at a time, just long enough to brown their  skins well on both sides. Transfer the fish to the ovenproof dish,  arranging them neatly. Cover and store in a cool place.    Chop the herbs and mix them gently in a small saucepan. Measure the yoghurt  and cream and pour them over the herbs. Add plenty of pepper and some salt  and stir to mix well. Cover and leave to infuse. Everything up to this  stage can be done in advance, but be sure to bring both the pan of sauce  and the dish of trout back to room temperature about 1 hour before they are  to be put back into the oven for cooking. (Foods that are transferred  straight from the fridge to cooker take a very long time to heat through  properly.)    About 1/2 hour before you plan to serve the trout, bring the yoghurt-and-  herb mixture very slowly to simmering point, stirring all the while. Pour  the aromatic mixture over the fish, cover the dish and bake at 350 F (180  C) gas mark 4 for 20-25 minutes until the fish are piping hot and cooked  through. (To check a trout for readiness, insert the tip of a knife into  its flesh just behind the head.) Serve with steamed new potatoes and other  young summer vegetables such as carrots and peas.    Source: Philippa Davenport in "Country Living" (British), June 1987.    MM-RECIPES@IDISCOVER.NET    MEAL-MASTER RECIPES LIST SERVER    From the MealMaster recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.