Tart of Rhubarb with Strawberries and Cinnamon Ice-Cream
Vanilla bean; scrapped, Kirsch, Butter for the flan ring, Egg, Heavy cream (7/8 cup), Granulated sugar (1 3/4 oz), Cream (7/8 cup), Salt, Coarse sugar, Milk (7/8 cup), Ground cinnamon, Butter (2 7/8 oz), Egg yolks, Sifted flour (5 1/3 oz), Rhubarb (7/8 lb), Whipping cream, Water, Flour for dusting, Granulated sugar (3 1/2 oz), Water, Strawberries (7/8 lb), strawberry sauce, Granulated sugar (2 7/8 oz), Granulated sugar (3 1/2 oz), Lemon; grated rind, Kirsch, Ground almonds (3 1/2 oz), rhubarb tart, cinnamon icecream, Egg yolks, Vanilla bean; slit, dough, 
Cinnamon ice-cream: Beat egg yolks and sugar until light and lemon-colored.  Blend in cinnamon. In a saucepan bring milk and cream to a boil; gradually  stir in the hot liquid into the egg mixture. Return to saucepan, over LOW  HEAT beat until it thickens. Let cool. Freeze. PASTRY DOUGH: Beat butter an  sugar until smooth and creamy. Beat egg and add salt. Stir into mixture. Ad  vanilla seeds, cream and grated lemon rind. Stir in flour and almonds.  Rapidly work into a smooth solid dough. Cover and chill for 1 hour.  STRAWBERRY SAUCE: Wash and hull the strawberries. Place in a saucepan, add  sugar, kirsch and water, bring to the boil. Liquidize and rub through a fin  sieve. TART: Wash, trim and skin rhubarb, cut diagonally into slices. Sprea  the bottom of a flat pan with sugar and place rhubard on top. Add water and  bring to a quick boil. Let rhubarb cool. Remove the rhubarb from the liquid  with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl. Stir in cream, kirsch, egg  yolks, sugar and vanilla seeds. Blend well. Heat the oven to 180 oC (355  oF). Butter the flan ring ( 26 cm, 10 1/4 in), dust with flour. Roll out th  dough to a thichness of 3 mm (1/8 in) and line flan ring. Form a rim around  the edge. Prick with a fork, line with aluminium foil, fill with dry beans  and bake blind for 10 minutes. Remove beans and foil, spread the bottom wit  the rhubarb mixture. Set in oven and bake for 15-20 minutes. Sprinkle with  coarse sugar and continue baking for 10 minutes. Let cool. SERVING: Cut the  tart, transfer on plates. Spoon some strawberry sauce on one side, scoop  ice-cream and set on sauce. ~    Posted to Master Cook Recipes List, Digest #109    Date: Wed, 05 Jun 1996 07:40:23 -0700    From: Gerald Edgerton <jerrye@wizard.com>