Tenderloin of Beef Bacchus
Salt, Salad oil, Large egg yolks, Heavy cream, Pacific oysters; shucked,, Freshly cracked black pepper, Beef broth; unsalted, Flat-leaf parsley; chopped, Dry Red Wine, Bread cubes; cut into, Beef tenderloin; about 8, Shallots; minced, Unsalted butter, Butter, 
http://www.digitalchef.com/kitchen/channels/recipes/    Estimated Time: 30 min    Start    1 Place the cubed bread in a baking tray and drizzle with the melted  butter. Bake at 350F(175?C) until the bread is golden brown, about 15  minutes.    2 Combine 1/2 of the minced shallot with the oysters and their juice in a  small pan and slowly heat until the oysters have firmed and the edges have  begun to curl. Remove the oyster meat from the juice and allow to cool.  Continue cooking the oyster juice until it has reduced to 1/3 its original  volume.    3 In a mixing bowl, combine the cream, egg yolk, chopped parsley and  reduced oyster liquid. Add the toasted bread cubes and fold the mixture  until it holds together but is not mushy. Split the poached oysters in  half, add to the bread mixture and fold together. Adjust seasoning with  salt and pepper.    4 Heat the oil in a saute pan over high heat. Season the tenderloin steaks  and add to the pan. Turn the steaks to brown on all sides. Remove from heat  and place steaks on a small rack on a tray.    5 Spoon and pack the oyster dressing onto the tops of the steaks. Bake at  350F(175?C) for 15-20 minutes or until the steaks reach the desired  doneness.    6 Pour excess oil from the saute pan and add the remaining shallots and  saute 1 minute. Add the red wine to the pan and allow to boil until reduced  to nearly dry. Add the broth and boil until reduced to approximately 1/2  cup in volume. Remove from the heat, whisk in the whole butter, and adjust  seasoning.    7 Place the steaks at the center of a plate. Spoon the sauce around the  steaks and serve.    Serves: 2 - 14 oz portions    Yield: 1 3/4 lb    Posted to recipelu-digest by LSHW <shusky@erols.com> on Feb 15, 1998