Teriyaki Flank Steak with Shiitakes
Reduced-sodium soy sauce, Garlic, scallions, Vegetable oil, scallions, fresh ginger, Shiitake mushrooms, Honey, Dry sherry, Flank steak, 
The honey in the teriyaki sauce helps caramelize the outside of this  marinated flank steak to a crusty, flavorful goodness. Cut the meat into  very thin slices and serve with grilled, skewered mushrooms and scallions.    1. In a shallow dish just large enough to hold the meat, combine the soy  sauce, sherry, oil, honey, garlic, ginger and chopped scallions. Whisk  until the honey is dissolved. Add the flank steak and turn to coat both  sides. Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours and up to 24 hours,  turning occasionally.    2. Prepare a hot charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill. Remove the meat from  the marinade and pat it dry with paper towels. Trim the whole scallions,  leaving 2 inches of the green tops. Toss the scallions and mushrooms in the  marinade to coat, then thread onto metal skewers.    3. Grill the meat, turning once, to the desired degree of doneness, 8 to       10    minutes for rare, 12 to 15 minutes for medium-rare to medium.  Let the meat sit for 5 minutes before cutting into thin slices at a sharp  diagonal across the grain.    4. Meanwhile, grill the skewered mushrooms and scallions at the edge of the  grill until the vegetables soften and the edges are charred, about 4  minutes.    5. Arrange the meat on a platter, place the skewered vegetables on top, and  serve.    Note: If youre going to use a marinade as a sauce, set aside a portion of  the marinade before adding the raw meat to it to prevent bacteria from  contaminating the sauce. If you want to use leftover marinade as a table  sauce, bring it to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Boil it for 3  minutes to kill any potentially harmful bacteria transferred from the raw  meat.    Nutritional analysis per serving: About 154 calories, 51 calories from fat,  6g total fat, 2g saturated fat, 23mg cholesterol, 265mg sodium, 8g total  carbohydrates, 1g fiber,       15 g  protein.    >From The American Medical Association Cookbook    Posted to recipelu-digest by Sandy <sandysno@pctech.net> on Mar 06, 1998