Tarte Tropezienne Part 1 of 2 - Background
See part 2 for recipe, 
Recipe by: Author Unknown    This Tarte Tropezienne recipe is not my original creation. Its based on a  recipe in a cookbook entitled La table dun Proven?al by Mr. Guy Gedda, a  noted authority on proven?al cuisine, and incorporates some adaptations  weve made to accommodate our own tastes.    According to Mr. Guy Gedda, the recipe was developed by Alexandre Micka, a  Pole whose family immigrated to the Lorraine part of France in 1914. WWII  brought Mr. Micka to St.-Tropez. He fell in love with the sun and sea and  decided to stay after the War. Relying on his pre-War apprenticeship in a  pastry shop in Lorraine, he opened his own pastry shop in St.-Tropez. Using  local ingredients, he re-created as best he could a pastry that he recalled  from his youth in Lorraine and called it Tarte Trop?zienne. The people in  St.-Tropez didnt give much regard to his creation at first. It was  considered just a "local curiosity" until the 1960s when St.-Tropez began  attracting beautiful people from around the world who fell in love with his  creation.    Mr. Mickas biggest turning point came in 1970, when he was offered a  one-month Mexican vacation by an American businessman who owned a chain of  Mexican restaurants in the U.S. The offer was conditioned on Mr. Micka  cooking up his Tarte Tropezienne at various restaurants to introduce to  North American palates. This sojourn in North America introduced Mr. Micka  to the convenience of frozen foods and he launched a line of frozen Tarte  Tropezienne upon his return to France to increase his market base.    Today, the authentic Tarte Tropezienne is made fresh in Cogolin, a town  adjacent to St.-Tropez. Mr. Micka will not reveal the secrets of his creme  patissiere. But a pastry chef named Roland Delmonte in Bormes les Mimosas,  the home of Mr. Geddas restaurant, has re-created it to a level of 19.5  authenticity on a scale of 20! Here is his basic recipe with a few of  modifications added in.    This is an ambitious recipe which takes about 5 hours from start to finish.    Entered for you by: Bill Webster  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #870 by Bill Webster <thelma@pipeline.com> on  Oct 27, 1997