Baked Samosas Abm
Egg, Garlic, Dried Coriander, TOPPING, Salt, Unsalted butter, Fresh Ginger, Evaporated Milk, Frozen Peas, Flour, Yeast, Evaporated Milk, Sugar, FILLING, Idaho Potatoes, Water, Vegetable oil, Salt, Cumin, Pepper, 
Place all dough ingredients in machine and program for knead and first  rise. Press start. The dough will be quite firm but it should be moist  enough to hold together. Make the filling while the dough is rising. Place  the potato cubes in a small saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil  over medium high heat, lower the heat to medium and continue cooking for 10  minutes, or until they have slightly softened but are not cooked through.  Add the peas to the boiling water for the last minute of cooking. Drain the  water from the potato cubes and peas.    Heat the oil in a large frying pan set over medium high heat and add the  onions, garlic and ginger. Saute until the onions are translucent. Add the  potato cubes, peas, coriander, cumin, pepper and salt and stir until well  mixed. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Turn the finished dough out  on a lightly floured surface and divide it into 8 equal balls. Let the  balls rest 10 minutes.    Preheat the oven to 350F with the rack in the center position. Lightly  spray a large baking sheet with vegetable cooking spray. On a lightly  floured surface, roll each ball of dough to a 7" circle, rolling from the  middle toward the edge. Distribute the filling evenly among the circles,  about 3 heaping tb for each one. Lightly moisten the edge of each circle  with water and fold over to form a semicircle. Press the edges together  firmly. Fold the pressed edge inward toward the filling and press with you  fingertips to seal. Lift the samosas onto the prepared baking sheet and  generously brush the tops with the egg glaze. Bake the samosas for 15  minutes, or until they are a rich golden brown. Serve hot from the oven.    Source: Pizza Etc. From Your Bread Machine Typed by Meg Antczak, Fido  Cooking Conference 07-19-95 Revised for Meal-Master Format by Katherine  Smith  Posted to EAT-L Digest 03 Dec 96    From:    Walt Gray <waltgray@MNSINC.COM>    Date:    Wed, 4 Dec 1996 22:34:21 -0500