Bakewell Tart
Ground almonds, Salt, Medium sized eggs, at room, Solid vegetable shortening, Superfine sugar, Ice water, Temperature, PASTRY, Strawberry preserves, All-purpose flour, FILLING, Butter at room temperature, (Heaping) good-quality, 
PASTRY: Measure out the flour and put to one side.  In a large mixing bowl,  place the fat, water and 3 heaped tablespoons of the flour you set to one  side. Beat vigorously with a wooden spoon until all is well blended. The  carefully add in the rest of the flour, rubbing the mixture between your  fingertips until it all sticks together. You can add up to 2 tablespoons of  water to help, but no more. Remember that if you overwork the pastry at  this stage it will become tough and shrink when cooked. Combine into a  ball, cover with a damp tea towel and place in the refrigerator. Preheat  the oven to 400F.  Beat the eggs and sugar together until creamy (this  takes about 3 minutes). Add the butter in small pieces, and the almonds,  and continue to beat for another minute until all is combined. Set aside.  On a lightly floured working surface, roll out the pastry into a circle so  that its 3 inches larger than the baking tin, and about 1/8" thick.  Lightly grease the tin, making sure you smear a very thin film all over the  inside.  Now transfer the pastry to the bin by carefully rolling it around  the rolling pin.  Be careful, its not always easy; but if the pastry  breaks a bit, dont worry - you can do a repair job when its in the tin.  Now with your hands fashion it to the inside of the tin, making sure it  reaches inside the corners.  Cut off the excess pastry with a knife. You  will hae pastry left over; roll it into a ball and freeze for next time. In  a small saucepan gently melt the jam so it will spread more easily.  Distribute the jam evenly over the pastry in the tin and then cover the  preserve with the egg mixture. Now bake in the center of your oven for  25-30 minutes.  Its done when the filling has set and is a mid to deep  brown all over.  If it starts to brown on one side and not the other, turn  the pie halfway through cooking (do this quickly or all the heat will  escape).  This means that youll have to keep an eye on it while its in  the oven. You can serve this with whipped heavy cream - it tastes not  unlike pumpkin pie, but with an almond flavor.    