Le Ragout Daubergines a Lanchois Eee
Eggplants or 1 large, Tomatoes; peeled and, Parsley, garlic, Olive oil; (needs a lot), Anchovies; (0ptional), salt and pepper, Cumin, Gruyere, Oregano or more to taste, Sugar, Thyme, Salt/ pepper, Bay leaf, 
***SOURCE*** Dapres: Nina Kehayan -- 1994 ISBN -- Voyages de laubergine  Ed. de laube -- 2-87678-070-4 -- Saisi: R. Gagnaux    1. Soak anchovies in milk or water    2. Dice eggplant unpeeled and place in a colander with salt, let stand 1  hour.    3. Meanwhile heat half the oil in large saucepan. Add the tomatoes, garlic,  and seasonings (except salt and parsley)). Cook tomatoes uncovered, over  high heat, stirring once in a while until it becomes a thick sauceand  almost dry.Almost 1 hour. ( Ive used canned tomatoes). Cook about 1 hour  for fresh tomatoes, a little less for canned.    4. Rinse the eggplant well and dry it with paper towels.    5. Heat the rest of the olive oil in a skillet and a add the eggplant. Cook  over very high heat covered stirring often for about 20 minutes or until  done    6. Transfer eggplant with a slotted spoon to the tomato sauce and cook  uncovered over medium high heat .    8. Mash the anchovies and add to the ragout. Stir.    9. Serve hot sprinkled with grated Gruyere or Parmesan. And parsley.    Original Recipe:( no oregano, no cumin) Wash and peel eggplants. Cut them  in large dice Wash, peel and seed tomatoes, cut them in large pieces. Chop  the garlic and the parsley Place half of the olive oil in a big pan and the  other half in a large saucepan Heat both Place the eggplant in the pan and  cook over high heat 15 minutes, covered, but stirring often Meanwhile cook  the tomatoes in the saucepan, uncovered. Add the eggplant to the saucepan,  the garlic, the parsley. Salt slightly. Stir, let cook 45 minutes Make a  paste with the anchovies ( in this recipe they were soaked in oil) and add  to the ragout.    Optional    Sprinkle with cheese and broil. Posted by rene@apicius.links.ch (Rene  Gagnaux) (by way of Edouard Laniesse <scultelg@worldlink.ca>) on Nov 24,  1997,     NOTES : There are 2 recipes here because I made so many changes, but  decided to leave the original. This dish really delicious. Serve it with  focaccia as an appetizer, or as a first course, hot or cold.    Recipe by: Rene Gagnaux translated by by Miriam Podcameni Posvolsky    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by Pat Hanneman <kitpath@earthlink.net> on Sep  01, 1998, 