Peanut Butter Luster Pie
TOPPING, peanuts, Pie crust, Semisweet chocolate chips, Powdered sugar, Margarine, Margarine, Peanut butter, Corn syrup, Cool Whip, Semisweet chocolate chips, Margarine, FILLING, Cool Whip, CHOCOLATE LAYER, milk, GARNISH, Water, Brown Sugar, 
From: "Tracie Radtke" <tracie_host@email.msn.com>    Heat oven to 450 degrees. Prepare pie crust according to package directions  for one-crust baked shell using 9-inch pie pan. Bake at 450 for 9-11  minutes or until light golden brown. Cool completely. In small saucepan  over low heat, melt 1/2 cup chocolate chips and 1 tablespoon margarine with  2 teaspoons water, stirring constantly until smooth. Blend in powdered  sugar until smooth. Add additional water if necessary for desired spreading  consistency. Spread mixture over bottom and up sides of cooled baked shell.  Refrigerate.    In medium saucepan, combine 1 cup margarine and brown sugar. Cook over  medium heat until margarine is melted and mixture is smooth, stirring  frequently. Refrigerate 10 minutes. In large bowl, beat peanut butter and  brown sugar mixture at low speed until blended. Beat 1 minute at medium  high speed. Add 12 oz. whipped topping; beat 1 additional minute at low  speed or until mixture is smooth and creamy. Pour over chocolate layer.  Refrigerate.    In small saucepan over low heat , melt 1/2 cup chocolate chips and 1  tablespoon margarine with 2 teaspoons milk and corn syrup, stirring  constantly until smooth. Add additional milk if necessary for desired  spreading consistency. Spoon and gently spread topping mixture evenly over  filling. Refrigerate at least 2 hours to set topping. Garnish with whipped  topping and peanuts. Store in refrigerator.    NOTES : For ease in serving, use sharp knife to score chocolate topping  into serving pieces before topping is completely set. To serve, use sharp  knife dipping in warm water to cut through scored lines.  Recipe by: Pillsbury - Best of the Bake-Off Cookbook    Posted to recipelu-digest by jeryder@juno.com on Mar 28, 1998