Baked Polenta W/italian Sausage Mushrooms and Three Cheese
chopped, Gruyere, Fresh Italian parsley, cayenne pepper, salt and pepper, Fresh Herb, Italian parsley, Skim ricotta, Fresh sage, Fresh crimini, Fresh Tomato Sauce*, Red sweet pepper, GARNISHES, Garlic, Mild Italian sausage, fennel seed, garlic, , butter, Grated Parmesan cheese, Yellow onion, Milk, Yellow cornmeal, Fruity olive oil, 
*Fresh Tomato Sauce recipe posted separately.    Hill and Barclay write: "This is our idea of comfort food!  Bland cornmeal  needs a real shot of flavor, so dont hold back on the herbs."    Heat olive oil in a medium skillet; saute onion, garlic and sweet pepper  until hot through.  Add crumbled sausage and continue cooking just until  meat changes color.  Stir in mushrooms and cook until hot through. Drain  excess fat and set mixture aside.    Place milk or other liquid in a large, heavy saucepan over moderately high  heat; slowly add cornmeal, stirring briskly with a wire whisk to prevent  lumping.  Bring to a boil and cook 10 minutes, or until mixture is very  thick and smooth; stir constantly to prevent scorching.    Remove pan from heat and stir in herbs, cayenne pepper, and ricotta and  gruyere cheeses.   Add sausage and sweet pepper mixture, combine well, then  season to taste with salt and pepper.    Pour mixture into two 9" pie plates lined with plastic wrap.  Cool on a  wire rack, then cover and refrigerate at least an hour, or as long as three  days.    When ready to serve dish, preheat oven to 375 F.  Cut polenta in wedges and  place on an oiled shallow baking pan large enough to hold polenta in one  layer without crowding.  Drizzle with melted butter and sprinkle with  Parmesan.  Bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until polenta is lightly browned and  very hot when tested with a small knife in center of wedge. Serve with  Fresh Tomato Sauce.  Garnish with chopped fresh parsley and sprigs of  herbs.    From Madalene Hill and Gwen Barclays "Sage through the Ages" article in  "The Herb Companion."  Dec. 1993/Jan. 1994, Vol. 6, No. 2. Pg. 32. Posted  by Cathy Harned.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdjaxxx.zip