Peanut Butter Milk Chocolate Mousse Cake Pt 1
Granulated sugar, Water, Heavy cream, Milk chocolate, unsalted butter, PEANUT BUTTER ICING, GARNISH, Powdered gelatin, Baking soda, Light corn syrup, Vanilla extract, dark chocolate, Heavy cream, peanuts, milk, Granulated sugar, unsalted butter, MILK CHOCOLATE MOUSSE, Water, PEANUT BUTTER CAKE, All-purpose flour, Eggs, Vanilla extract, Smooth peanut butter, Smooth peanut butter, 
YIELD: 12 servings DIFFICULTY: ** PREPARATION: 1 1/2 hours plus baking and  freezing times.    Make the peanut butter cake:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.  Butter the bottom and sides of an 11 1/2 - by l7 1/2-inch jelly roll pan.  Line the bottom of the pan with parchment. Lightly dust the sides with  flour, tapping out the excess.    2.Sift together the flour and baking soda. Set aside. In another bowl,  combine the milk, sugar and vanilla. Set aside.    3.In a medium saucepan, combine the butter, water and peanut butter. Cook  over medium heat, stirring constantly until the butter melts and the  mixture comes to a boil.    4.Add the milk mixture to a saucepan and stir until blended. Remove from  the heat and add the flour in 2 additions, whisking until smooth.    5.Pour into the prepared pan and bake for 20 to 25 minutes until the cake  springs back when lightly pressed.    6.Cool in the pan set on a wire rack.    Make the milk chocolate mousse:    1.Combine the water and gelatin in a small heatproof bowl and let stand for  5 minutes to soften the gelatin.    2.Place the bowl of gelatin over a saucepan with enough water to come  halfway up the side of the bowl. Heat the gelatin over hot, not simmering  water for 3 to 4 minutes until completely dissolved. Remove the pan from  the heat. Leave the bowl containing the gelatin in the hot water until  ready to use.    3.Melt the chocolate according to the directions in the Chocolate Melting  Tips. Set aside to cool.    4.In a large, chilled bowl, using a handheld electric mixer set at  medium-high speed, whip the cream until soft peaks begin to form.  Refrigerate until needed.    5.In a large bowl of an electric mixer, using the whisk attachment, beat  the eggs and the sugar until blended. Remove the bowl from the mixer stand  and place over a pot of hot water. The bottom of the bowl must not touch  the water. Cook over medium high heat, whisking constantly for 3 to 5  minutes until the granules of sugar have dissolved and the egg mixture has  reached 160 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer. Return the bowl to  the mixer stand and heat at medium high speed until the mixture is thick  and pale and tripled in volume.    6.Remove the egg mixture from the mixer stand, and using a wire whisk,  quickly whisk in the dissolved gelatin. Using a rubber spatula, fold the  cooled, melted chocolate into theegg/gelatin mixture.    7.Gently fold 1/3 of the whipped cream into the egg mixture to lighten it,  then fold all of the egg mixture into the remaining whipped cream.    Assemble the cakes:    1.Carefully invert the peanut butter cake onto a cutting board.    continued in part 2