Taikos Stew (Dog Food)
Potatoes, Brown rice, Kombu, Carrots, brocolli, Onion, -(up to), Ground lamb, Garlic, 
From:    Holly Reese <akitalady@BAKA.COM>    Date:    Fri, 28 Jun 1996 16:35:54 +1100  The following recipe is from Lee Love, a Japanese gentleman who, like  myself has an Akita (I have two), and prefers to make his dogs food from  scratch. He says Taiko is thriving on it.    I cook this in a crockpot. You can use an iron kettle or dutch oven on the  stove on low. Preparation only takes about 20 minutes and makes about 10 to  14 8ounce bags, that are frozen.    Brown/steam lamb in frypan. After it gets going, put in the chopped garlic  and onions to brown. Boil water, put about 4 or 5 cups into the  crock/kettle, so it is already hot while you are fixing the rest of the  ingredients. Add cubed potatoes to the frypan. Cut brocolli and add this to  the crock. Put the rest of the works in the crock, add enough hot water to  cover (on my standard crock, this is about 1 inch from the top.) Add salt  and pepper to taste. Throw in 1.5 cup of brown rice & mix, then plug the  crockpot in the bathroom and close the door so the cats dont eat it!    I do this the night before, then put the unplugged crock in the oven in the  morining to cool, so when I get back from work, I can put the stew in  baggies (plastic bags and twist ties.) I use a small yogurt container to  hold the sandwich bags and scoop 8 oz. into each bag. I freeze them all up  (10 to 14 bags) and put one frozen bag in the fridge from the freezer to  thaw for the next day. Takes about 15mins. to bag up.    Taiko gets 4oz (half a bag) added to her Nurtos Lamb & Rice kibble dog  food in her morning and evening meal. I put half in a frypan with water to  warm up. She thinks this is Ambrosia! If you want to make a milder mix, for  your dog that might be having intestinal problems, boil and drain the lamb  before you put it in the crock. I normally dont do this because a lot of  the flavor is in the drippings. You can also subtitute ground beef for the  lamb if you cant find lamb. If you feed your dog chicken, you can  substitute chopped or ground chicken.     This stew tastes good! And unlike the processed stuff, you or I can enjoy  eating it! I got my quantities from the 1/3 grain, 1/3 meat, 1/3 veggies  "in the wild" formula for dogs/wolves. The Kombu kelp is added for its  iodine content.    EAT-L Digest 27 June 1996    From the EAT-L recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.