Banana Cream Pie
Prepare and bake the crust., FILLING, Salt, Vanilla extract, Sugar, Flaky Pie Dough, Bananas, TOPPING, Heavy cream, Unsalted butter, Vanilla extract, Sugar, Cornstarch, Eggs, milk, 
To make the filling, combine 2 cups milk, sugar and salt in a nonreactive  saucepan; whisk once to mix and bring to a boil over low heat. Place  remaining 1/2 cup milk in a mixing bowl and whisk in cornstarch, then eggs.  Return milk and sugar mixture to a boil over low heat then whisk about a  third of it into the egg mixture. Return milk and sugar mixture to a boil  once more and whisk in the egg mixture, whisking constantly until the  filling thickens and comes to a boil. Allow to boil, whisking constantly,  for about 30 seconds. Remove from heat, whisk in butter and vanilla; pour  into a nonreactive bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface of the  filling and chill until it is approximately 75 degrees. Fold the bananas  into the cooled filling and spread it evenly in the cooled crust. To finish  the pie, whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla until it holds a firm  peak. Use a hand mixer on medium speed or a heavyduty mixer fitted with the  whisk. Spread the cream over the filling, making sure it touches the edges  of the crust all around. COCONUT CREAM PIE: For the 2/3 cup sugar in the  filling substitute 1/3 cup sugar. Substitute 1/2 cup coconut cream, such as  Coco Lopez, for the 1/2 cup milk with which the cornstarch is mixed. After  the filling has cooled, fold in 1/2 cup toastedsweetened coconut. After  covering the pie with the whipped cream, (you may add up to 1/4 cup coconut  cream to the cream before whipping it to replace the sugar) sprinkle the  whipped cream with 1/2 cup toasted sweetened coconut. (To toast coconut,  place it on a jelly roll pan on the middle rack of a preheated 325 degree  oven for about 15 minutes. Stir often so that the coconut colors evenly to  a light golden brown.) Yield: one 9-inch pie  Recipe By     : BAKERS DOZEN (NICK MALGIERI) SHOW #1A16    Posted to EAT-L Digest 14 October 96    Date:    Tue, 15 Oct 1996 20:20:24 -0500    From:    Jackie Bordelon <jbord@PREMIER.NET>