Tandoori Chicken (Its Red!)
Lime wedges, Fresh hot green chili,, Black peppercorns, ground, Chicken pieces, skinnless, Garam masala (see below), Yellow liquid food coloring, Inch stick of cinnamon,, Onion, peeled and quartered, Garam masala, Cardamom seeds, ground, Black cumin seeds, ground (I, Avg-sized nutmeg, ground, Lemon, Plain yogurt (I use non fat), Salt, Red food coloring (see note), Clove garlic, peeled, Cloves, ground, Inch cube fresh ginger,, 
This recipe is for Tandoori-style chicken without using a tandoor. It comes  from "Madhur Jaffreys Indian Cooking."    cut each leg into two pieces and each breast into four (I usually skip this  step... too squeamish). Cut two slits on each side of each part of the  legs. The slits should never start at an edge, and they should be deep  enough to reach the bone. Cut similar slits in the meaty side of the breast  pieces.    spread the chicken pieces out on one or two large platters. Sprinkle half  the salt and squeeze the juice frim 3/4 of a lemon over them.. Lightly rub  the salt and lemon juice into the slits. Turn the chicken over and to the  same the same on the other side with the remaining salt and lemon juice.  Set aside for 20 minutes.    Combine the yogurt, onion, garlic, chili and garam masala in the container  of an electric blender or food prrocessor. Blend until you have a smooth  paste. Empty the paste into a strainer set over a large ceramic or  stainless steel bowl. Push the paste through.    Brush the chicken pieces on both sides with the food coloring and then put  them, with any remaining food coloring, into the bowl with the marinade  (the paste). Mix well, making sure the marinade goes into the slits in the  chicken. Cover and refrigerate for 6 - 24 hours. The longer the better.    Preheat the oven to its maximum temperature. Take the pieces out of the  marinade, shaking off as much of the marinade as possible. Arrange them in  a shallow baking tray in a single layer. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until  just done. Test the chicken with a fork just to be sure. Serve with lime  wedges.    I usually serve this with basmati rice and spicy green beans.    NOTE: the traditional redish color of tandoori chicken comes from food  coloring, so theres nothing un-authentic about using the food coloring. It  can be left out if youd rather, though.    GARAM MASALA: is a spice blend. If you cant find it pre-blended, here is a  recipe to make your own: (I usually make my own, since the pre-blended  varieties usually skimp on cardamom and cloves)  Posted to EAT-L Digest 29 Jan 97 by Tania Hewes  <taniah@NSERV1.CLSI.US.GEAC.COM> on Jan 30, 1997.