Banana Chip Cake with Whipped Mocha Frosting
Eggs, Vanilla extract, Heavy cream, (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted, Bittersweet chocolate;, Salt, Cake flour, Baking Powder, Bittersweet chocolate;, Sugar, Ripe bananas, Instant espresso powder, Baking soda, FROSTING, Plain yogurt, 
CAKE:    1.  Preheat oven to 350^  F.  Grease two 9" x 1 1/2" round cake pans. Line  the bottoms with parchment or wax paper. Grease again and flour.  2.  In a food processor puree the bananas.  Blend in the yogurt.  Add the  eggs and vanilla and pulse a few seconds to combine. Set aside. Whisk  flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in medium mixing bowl.  3.  In a large mixing bowl cream the butter with an electric mixer until  smooth and light.  Add 1/2 the banana mixture and all the dry ingredients.   Mix on medium speed two minutes until light and fluffy.  Add the rest of  the wet mixture and beat on high speed for one minute.  Fold in grated  chocolate.  4.  Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans, which should be  half full.  Bake for 30-32 minutes or just until a toothpick inserted in  the center comes out clean.  Cool on a rack for 5 minutes.  Run a small,  metal spatula around the sides, then unmold and peel off the paper lining.  Cool the cake to room temperature before assembling.  FROSTING:    1.  Heat cream and chocolate in a heave saucepan over low heat, stirring  occasionally to melt and blend the chocolate.  Remove from the heat, stir  in the powdered espresso, then pour into a clean dry container. Once the  cream reaches room temperture, cover directly with plastic wrap to prevent  a skin from forming.  Chill in the freezer until very cold, about 1 hour,  or refrigerate for up to 3 days.  2.  Once the cake has cooled to room temperature, beat the ganache (do not  use a whisk beater) on medium-low speed to soft peaks.  Increase to high  speed and continue beating until the frosting reaches a thick spreading  consistency.  Spread the frosting immediately, while it is smooth.    3.  Frost as desired for a festive look:  spread 3/4 cup of frosting  between the layers and another 3/4 cup on top.  Mask the sides with a very  thin layer.  With a pastry bag fitted with a large open star tip pipe a  continuous vertical pattern all around the sides.  Pipe stars around the  top of the cake. Finished, the cake keeps refrigerated up to 3 days. For  best results slice the cake chilled, but let sit 1/2 hour at room  temperature before serving.  Recipe By     : Coffee Journal    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #244    Date: Mon, 14 Oct 1996 18:51:11 -0600    From: "L. Erickson" <lerickson@inet.dmc.ad12.k12.co.us>