Baklava Cheesecake
BAKLAVA TOPPING, Lemon juice (fresh), Cognac, Walnuts, Granulated sugar, Cinnamon, Lemon juice (fresh), Clover honey, Cream cheese; room, Vanilla, FILLING, Jumbo eggs; room temperature, Stick (1-1/2 inch) cinnamon, Almonds; blanched, Butter (unsalted); clarified, 
From: ak399@cleveland.freenet.edu (Carole A. Resnick)    Date: 21 Oct 1993 06:25:23 GMT  Beat cream cheese in large bowl of electric mixer until light & fluffy.  Gradually mix in honey, then lemon juice & vanilla.  Beat in eggs 1 at a  time until just incorporated. Set aside. Stir through filling & pour into  crust.    Cover filling with overhanging phyllo, squaring at edge of pan.    Bake until pastry is light brown and cake is firm to touch, about 50 mins.    Remove pan sides; using toothpick, poke 12 holes in top of cake to allow  steam to escape.  Cool completely on rack.  Refrigerate 2 days to mellow  flavors, covering after first day.    Baklava Topping: Preheat oven to 350.  Cover baking sheet with 2 pieces of  parchment.  Coarsely grind all nuts with 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 tsp.  cinnamon in processor.  Stack 10 reserved phyllo pastry sheets on work  surface.  Set rim of 10-inch springform pan atop pastry.  Cut around inside  of rim through entire stack using sharp knife, making 10 rounds. Cover  rounds with damp towel. Set pan rim on prepared baking sheet.    Brush parchment and inside of pan rim with butter.  Place one pastry round  in pan rim and brush with butter.  Repeat with four more rounds.  Spread  nut mixture evenly over pastry. Top with remaining 5 pastry rounds,  brushing each with butter. Using ruler as guide, cut pastry into 16 wedges  (or however many pieces you want) with sharp knife. Sprinkle lightly with  water.  Bake until crisp and golden, about 30 minutes.    Meanwhile, heat 1/2 cup sugar, water, and lemon juice in heavy small  saucepan over low heat, swirling pan occasionally until sugar dissolves.  Add cinnamon stick, increase heat to medium and boil until syrupy, about 4  minutes.  Remove from heat.  When bubbles subside, add Cognac.    Flatten pastry atop cake.  Remove pan rim from topping.  Set topping on  cake, using large spatula.  Re-cut wedges.  Replace pan rim on assembled  cake. Immediately pour on hot syrup. Cool one hour.    Refrigerate one to 6 hours, preferably six hours.  Let cake stand at room  temperature for 20 minutes before serving.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /DESSERTS    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.