Tajik Flatbread ("Non")
Salt, Finely chopped shallots, Active dry yeast, Cumin seeds, Warm water, Whole-wheat flour (up to 6), Lowfat plain yogurt, 
Jennifer asked in digest no. 212 for a recipe for Afghani or Middle Eastern  flatbread. I havent tried the following, which comes from an article in  the May/June 1995 "Eating Well" by Jeffery Alford and Naomi Dugid about  their book "Flatbreads & Flavors: A Bakers Atlas" (William Morrow & Co.,  1995).    Dissolve yeast in the water in a large bowl. In a saucepan or microwave  oven, heat the yogurt until it feels warm on the inside of your wrist  (about 105 degrees F) and stir it into the yeast mixture. Stir in 3 cups of  the flour, one cup at a time. Stir 100 times in the same direction to  properly develop the gluten. Let stand 10 minutes.    Sprinkle salt over the dough and stir to mix well. Stir in additional flour  until dough will take no more and cannot be stirred. Turn out dough onto a  lightly floured work surface and knead, incorporating any flour as  necessary until smooth and elastic, about 8 to 10 minutes (it will remain  somewhat sticky). Transfer dough to a large oiled bowl, turn to coat, cover  with plastic wrap and let rest until doubled in volume (about 1 1/2 hours).    Set an unglazed baking stone or lightly oiled baking sheet on the bottom  over rack and preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Gently punch down the dough  and let rest for another 10 minutes.    On a lightly floured work surface, divide the dough into 8 equal pieces.  Lightly flour your palms and flatten each piece; set them aside, covered  with a damp towel.    Roll out each bread, beginning by spreading 1/2 teaspoon of the shallots  and 1/4 teaspoon of the cumin in a 5-inch circle on the work surface. Take  a piece of dough and set it on top of the shallots and cumin. With a  rolling pin, roll out the dough until it about 8 inches in diameter. (If it  sticks, lightly flour the surface)    Turn the rolled-out circle of dough over so the shallots and cumin are on  top. With a fork, repeatedly prick the center of the circle, leaving an  untouched rim about 3 inches wide. this allows the bread to bake with a  slightly higher outside ring, like a pizza crust. Roll out the remaining  pieces of dough similarly.    Depending on the size of your baking surface, bake 2 or 3 breads at one  time. Use your hands or a flour-dusted pizza peel to carefully transfer the  prepared dough to the heated baking surface. Bake for only 2 1/2 to 3  minutes -- baked through but still quite soft. Remove from the oven and  stack immediately and wrap in a clean towel.    Makes 8 flatbreads, 300 calories per flatbread: 14 g protein, 2 g fat, 59 g  carbohydrate, 844 mg sodium, 4 mg cholesterol.  Posted to Digest eat-lf.v096.n228    Date: Mon, 25 Nov 1996 08:45:52 -0500    From: kapitan-white@sugar-land.oilfield.slb.com (Elsa Kapitan-White)