Banana Cream Pie in Almond Crust
Egg yolks, Powdered sugar, Cornstarch, Sugar, milk, Salt, Baking Powder, Unflavored gelatin, Unsalted butter -- at room, Temperature, Sugar, Almonds, For Filling:, Vanilla bean -- split, Lengthwise, Whipping cream -- chilled, Water, Bananas -- thinly sliced, All-purpose flour, Finely chopped toasted, For Crust:, Egg -- beaten slightly, 
Crust:  Cream butter and sugar in processor until smooth.  Add flour,  almonds, baking powder and salt and process just until combined.  Gather  dough into a ball, flatten into a disk and refrigerate 1 hour in plastic  wrap.  (Can be made 2 days ahead.  Keep chilled.  Let stand briefly at room  temperature to soften before continuing.)    Press dough into 9" glass pie plate, trimming excess even with edge of  dish. Crimp edge decoratively. Refrigerate 1 hour.    Preheat oven to 350x.  Line crust with foil.  Fill with dried beans or pie  weights.  Bake 12 minutes.  Remove beans and foil and bake until crust is  set and edges are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to rack and  cool.    Filling:  Pour water into small bowl.  Sprinkle gelatin over.  Let stand 10  minutes to soften.  Pour milk into medium saucepan.  Scrape seed from  vanilla bean into milk; add bean. Bring to simmer. Whisk yolks, sugar, and  cornstarch in medium bowl until thick.  Gradually whisk in hot milk. Return  mixture to saucepan and cook over medium heat until mixture just begins to  boil and thicken, whisking constantly, about 3 minutes.  Add softened  gelatin and stir to dissolve. Strain mixture into medium bowl. Press  plastic wrap onto surface of pastry cream and chill until cool, about 30  minutes.    Using electric mixer, beat cream and powdered sugar in a large bowl to  stiff peaks. Carefully fold 1 1/2 c whipped cream into pastry cream. Fold  in bananas. Spoon mixture into crust. Spoon remaining whipped cream into  pastry bag with medium star tip.  Pipe whipped cream over filling, covering  completely.  Chill until set, at least 3 hours and up to 6 hours.    Posted to EAT-L Digest - 13 June 96    Date:    Fri, 14 Jun 1996 08:46:19 -0400    From:    Betsy Burtis <BuddoB@AOL.COM>    Recipe By     : Sarabeths, NYC