Tamales De Dulce (Sweet Tamales)
Raisins, Sugar, Lard, Salt, Baking Powder, Margarine, Almonds, Cinnamon, Masa harina, Dried corn husks, Chicken Stock, 
Stir together dry ingredients (masa harina, sugar, salt, cinnamon and  baking powder).    Cream margarine and lard until fluffy. Gradually beat masa harina mixture  and broth into the lard. Beat well for about 5 minutes. (A small test ball  of the dough should rise in cold water.) Stir almonds into dough. If using  raisins, mix into the dough. If using blackberries, reserve and use as a  center filling.    Place 6 to 8 cups of water and a coin into the bottom of the steamer. Shake  excess water from the softened corn husks. Line steamer with corn husks.  Spread dough (approximately 2 tablespoons) evenly on the center of the  remaining husks. If using blackberries, place a spoonful of berries in  center of dough. Roll and turn up. If necessary, roll in an additional  husk, or tie with a piece of string to secure. Pack tamales into steamer as  they are made. Surround with corn husks.    Top with terry toweling and secure lid. Bring to a boil over high heat.  Reduce to medium and steam for 1-1/2 to 2 hours. Remember to listen for the  coin; it will let you "hear" the water level. When the coin becomes silent,  the water level is too low and you must add more.    To reheat, place in greased frying pan over medium-low and heat through,  turning occasionally. If preferred, the tamales may be wrapped in foil and  reheated in a 350 degree oven 20 to 30 minutes. Use foil method and add an  additional 15 minutes to reheat. Tamales freeze well.    This makes about a dozen small tamales.    NOTE: These are the sweet tamales that I have personally had while on trips  into Mexico, and they are soo-o-oh good, but there are other recipes  containing fruits, i.e., pineapple - (in my experience, these are usually  sickening sweet but thats my humble opinion).    From Mary Ann Youngs personal collection <maryann4@prolog.net>  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #208    Date: Thu, 1 Aug 1996 21:10:18 -0400 (EDT)    From: Mary Ann Young <maryann4@prolog.net>