Tamales #6
Water, Garlic, Ground cumin, Boneless pork shoulder or, -(up to), Cloves garlic minced, Masa harina, Salt, Flour, Bacon drippings or olive, Red chili sauce, TAMALES, Shortening, Dried corn husks; about,, RED CHILI SAUCE, Dried chili peppers, Onion; quartered, Baking Powder, 
To make red chili sauce:    1. Remove stems and seeds from dred peppers. Place on a singler layer in a  baking sheet and roast in a 350! oven for 2-5 minutes until they have a  sweet roasted aroma. Check frequently to prevent burning. Try to avoid deep  inhalation.  Remove from oven and soak peppers  in enough water to cover,  about 5 cups, for 30 minutes until cool.  Transfer the peppers and 2 1/2 c  liquid to a blender.  Add garlic, cumin and salt.  Reserve remaining  liquid. Cover, and blend till smooth.    2. In a 2 quart saucepan, cook and stir flour in bacon drippings over  medium heat till light brown. Carefully stir in pureed chili mixture.  Simmer uncovered for 5 to 10 minutes until slightly thickend, being careful  of splatters. If sauce is too thick, add additional soaking liquid, up to 1  cup to make desired consistency.    To make tamales:    1. In a 4 1/2 to 5 quart dutch oven bring pork, water, onion, garlic, and 1  1/2 t salt to boiling.  Simmer, covered, about 2 1/4 hrs until meat is very  tender.  Remove meat from broth and cool  Using two forks, shred meat,  discarding fat.  You should have 3 1/2 to 4 c shredded meat.  Strain broth  and reserve 5-6 cups. In a 3 quart saucepan, heat the red chili sauce and  add shredded meat. Simmer, covered about 10 minutes.    2. For masa, beat shortening with a mixer on medium for 1 minute.  Stir  together masa harina, baking powder and 2 t salt.  Alternately add masa  harina mixture and broth to shortening, beating well after each addition.  Add just enough broth to make a thick creamy paste. Soak corn husks in warm  water for 5 minutes then rinse to remove and corn silk and debris. Drain.    3. To assemble each tamale, spread 2 T masa mixture in the center of a  husk. Place 1 T meat sauce in the middle of the masa. Fold in sides of husk  then fold up bottom. Place a mound of extra husks in the center of a  steamer basket in a dutch oven and put tamales in basket, open end up.  Bring water to boiling. Reduce heat. Cover and steam 40 minutes, adding  more water as necessary. Microwaving for a couple minutes works too.Makes  about 50 tamales. From: Better Homes and Gardens, December 1994  ALBERSA@AZTEC.ASU.EDU    (ANN ALBERS)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.