Banana Bread Pudding with Banana Rum Sauce
milk, pecans, Banana liqueur, BREAD PUDDING, Dark rum, Ground nutmeg, Ground cinnamon, Ground nutmeg, Unsalted butter, Heavy whipping cream, Packed light brown sugar, , Seedless raisins, BANANA RUM SAUCE, Eggs, bananas, Pure vanilla extract, Ground cinnamon, sugar, Unsalted butter, bananas, Vanilla extract, 
Chef Frank Brigtsen of Brigtsens Restaurant in Uptown New Orleans is a  fantastic cross between the classic bread pudding and Bananas Foster, the  great flaming bananas and ice cream dessert.    Preheat the oven to 300F. Put the French bread pieces into a 9x12x2 inch  baking pan. In a blender or food processor, blend the eggs, milk, 2/3 cup  of sugar, bananas, cinnamon, nutmeg and 1/2 teaspoon of the vanilla until  smooth. Pour this mixture over the French bread pieces. Fold in the raisins  and the pecans and let the mixture set for 20 minutes. Top with small  pieces of the butter.    Cover the pudding with aluminum foil and place the pan into a larger pan.  Add warm water to a depth of 1 inch in the larger pan. Bake for 1 hour.  Remove the foil and bake uncovered for 15 minutes until set.    In a deep, medium bowl, whisk the cream just until it begins to thicken.  Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla. Continue  whisking unti soft peaks form. Cover and chill.    Banana Rum Sauce Heat a large saute pan or skillet over low heat. Add the  butter, sugar, bananas, cinnamon and nutmeg. Moving the skillet back and  forth, cook until the butter and sugar become creamy and the bananas begin  to soften, about one minute. Remove the skillet from heat and add the rum  and the liqueur. Return the pan to the heat. Tilt the pan, avert your face  and and light the liquid with a long match. Shake the skillet until the  flames subside. Add the vanilla, remove from heat and keep warm.    To serve, place a large scoop of bread pudding in the middle of each  serving plate or bowl. Place 2 slices of banana on each plate and top with  about 3 tablespoons of sauce. Spoon the whipped cream over the bread  pudding and serve immediately.  Walt MM    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #260      Date: Mon, 23 Sep 1996 00:05:06 -0400      From: Walt Gray <waltgray@mnsinc.com>