Tandoori Salmon W/peach Chutney and Minted Yogurt Sauce
Cardamom, ground, Cloves, ground, olive oil, Sugar, Minted Yogurt Sauce, Fresh ground black pepper, Cayenne pepper, ground, Garlic, Fresh Peach Chutney, Fennel seeds, ground, Salt, Fresh peaches, Fresh mint, Cumin, Salt, Cumin, Coriander, ground, Plain lowfat yogurt, Ginger, ground, Garam Masala, Garam Masala Spice, Rice vinegar, Turmeric, SALMON, Honey, salmon, Nutmeg, ground, Fresh ginger root, Fresh ground black pepper, 
1 - Prepare the salmon: In a bowl, combine the olive oil and garlic. Rub  the mixture all over the salmon. Sprinkle with the Garam Masala and season  lightly with salt. Cover and refrigerate for up to 2 hours.    2 - Make the peach chuteny: In a nonreactive saucepan, dissolve the sugar  in the vinegar, stirring, over moderately high heat. Bring to a boil and  cook for 1 minute. Stir in the peaches and ginger and return to a boil.  Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring, until the fruit is softened, about 5  minutes. Transfer to a bowl.    3 - Make the yogurt sauce: In a small bowl, combine the honey, mint, cumin,  and turmeric. Whisk in the yogurt until blended. Season with salt and  pepper, cover, and refrigerate.    4 - Light a gril or preheat the broiler. Grill or broil the salmon steaks,  turning once, for about 4 minutes per side, or until nicely charred and  just cooked through.    5 - Transfer each salmon steak to a warmed plate and remove the central  bone with a fork. Serve with the peach chutney and yogurt sauce.    To make the Garam Masala: Combine all ingredients in a small jar. Cover and  store at room temperature for up to 1 month. (makes about 6 Tablespoons)    Serving Ideas :  with steamed basmati or brown rice.    NOTES : From:  Food & Wine  -  June 1995 Christer Larsson of Christers -  New York, N.Y. A balance of the complex flavors of Indian-spiced salmon and  tangy chutney with steamed basmati or brown rice.  Recipe by: Ron West    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #491 by Ron West <ronwest@bigfoot.net> on  Jan 7, 1998