Tam Lao (Papaya Salad)
Nam tan paep (palm sugar), Papaya, julienned, Cherry tomatoes  (up to 4), Kratiem (garlic), roughly, Makheua pro (Thai eggplants, Nam pla (fish sauce), or aubergine, cut in, Nam manao (lime juice), Prik ki nu daeng (red, Plara (pickled mudfish), 
There is a joke to the effect that the dish called som tam is hot, but tam  som is hotter, and tam lao the hottest of all. (These being the name of the  dish in Bangkok and the Isan respectively, and a variant common to rural  people in the Isan).    Be that as it may, this is the version common in the countryside of the  Isan. Virtually everything about the variants of som tam is optional,  except for the papaya. I would also point out that in the Isan the mud fish  and the crab are typically raw, which leads to common warnings from the  Thai government about hepatitis (from the crab), and intestinal parasites  (from the mudfish). In line with this the following preparation is designed  to avoid that problem.    The number of chillies to include in the dish is the first order of  business when ordering the meal - foreigners being well advised to say  none since the mortar and pestle arent washed out between preparations  and there is generally enough chilli juice left in the bottom for foreign  tastes. Locals may sometimes order up to 30 chillies in a single portion,  which renders the tam lao blood red, and has an affect in the mouth similar  to fire! If making it at home I would suggest you start by trying 2 or 3  chillies ...    When not actually preparing the dish, vendors advertise their services by  sitting julienning the papaya: they hold it in one hand whilst whacking  it with a cleaver in the other, pausing occasionally to shave off a layer  of julienned fruit. This technique is even more remarkable when you see  them carrying on a conversation with a neighbouring stall holder and not  looking at the papaya as the razor sharp cleaver reduces it to a nubbin in  their hand! I suggest that in the interests of safety you do not try to  emulate this technique: slice off a thin piece of papaya, then cut it into  matchstick sized pieces in a more normal fashion! The papaya should be  crispy and firm in texture.    The crabs used in Thailand are small river crabs, about an inch across the  body. If these are not available you can use any form of crabmeat.    Plara is available (packed in mud) in small jars from Asian grocers.    Method: Stir fry the crab, and then break it up and sprinkle liberally with  vinegar, and season with freshly cracked black pepper. Allow to stand for  about 1 hour before using.    Next julienne the papaya, and place it in a mortar and pestle.    Boil the mudfish in a quarter cup of water for 2-3 minutes, then transfer  to a muslin bag and squeeze out as much juice as possible. (You may also  include the fish, but this is not recommended, see warning above).    Finally quarter the tomatoes and the eggplant, and put all the ingredients  in a mortar and pestle and pound to soften and bring out the juices.    Serving: Serve with a selection of fresh raw vegetables. Serves 1    Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #193    From: "Col. I.F. Khuntilanont-Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>    Date: Sat, 21 Dec 1996 13:45:50 +0700