Tamales (Basic)
Water, Baking Powder, Masa harina, Salt, Tamale filling, Melted butter; kept warm, Fresh cilantro sprigs, Butter, Corn husks (up to 25), 
Use fresh corn husks if available. Dried should be soaked 30 minutes until  soft.    FILLINGS: see *Creamed Corn and Cheese and/or *Black Bean and Plantain  Tamale Filling    Place the water and butter in a saucepan and heat until the butter melts.    Place the masa harina, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl and stir  with a fork to mix well. Whisk in the water and butter, beating well as you  go, until you have a mixture the consistency of a wet cake batter. Dont  worry if it seems too wet at first; it will thicken as you work.    Pour about 2 inches of water into a steamer or other large pot (see Note)  and bring to a boil.    Shake the corn husks to dry them a bit. Select 12 husks large enough to  roll into a tube 1 to 1-1/2 inches in diameter and lay them out on a  counter. (Or select smaller husks and overlap two or three for each  wrapper.) Place a full 1/4 cup of the batter in the center of each husk and  press it into a rectangle about 4-1/2 by 2-1/2 inches and 1/4 inch thick.  If filling the tamales, spread 2 tablespoons of the filling down the center  of the batter. Roll up the husks lengthwise to enclose the filling. Fold  the pointed ends under to the seam side.    Arrange the tamales, seam side down, in 1 or 2 layers on the steamer rack  or a plate. Set the rack or plate in the pot and cover the tamales with a  thick layer of husks. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the pot. Steam  the tamales until cooked through, about 1 hour. The filling will no longer  be moist and sticky and will pull away from the husks.    Serve the tamales warm in the husks to be unwrapped as eaten, accompanied  by the warm melted butter and cilantro sprigs on the side.    Without filling: PER SERVING: 237 cals, 19.7 g fat (72.6% cff)    NOTE: you can easily jerry-rig a steamer for tamales. You need a large pot  with a lid, 1 or 2 cans, both ends removed, and a plate or rack that will  fit inside the pot. Fill the pot with about 2 inches of water. When ready  to cook, set the cans in the pot to hold the plate above the water level  Arrange the tamales on the plate, set it on the cans, and cover the pot.    (1995) ISBN 0-8118-0475-5 Chronicle Books, San Fran    Recipe by: Vegetarian Table: Mexico / Victoria Wise    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #924 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Nov 25, 1997