Baklava (Tamales)
Stick cinnamon, Filo pastry, Walnuts; finely chopped, Honey, Sugar, Blanched almonds; finely, Ground cinnamon, Unsalted butter; melted, Water, Cloves, Ground cloves, Fresh Lemon Juice, 
Recipe By : TAMALES WORLD TOUR    In a saucepan, combine 3 cups of the sugar, the water, honey, lemon juice  cinnamon stick and whole cloves, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and  simmer for 15 minutes. Remove the cinnamon stick and cloves, and let cool.    In a large bowl, combine the walnuts, almonds, remaining 1/2 cup sugar,  ground cinnamon, and ground cloves and set aside.    Unroll the filo dough on a flat surface and keep it covered with waxed  paper and a damp towel so it doesnt dry out and become brittle. Remove 8  filo sheets, fold, cover and refrigerate for the top layer. Using a pastry  brush, brush a 15 1/2 by 11 1/2 by 3 inch baking pan with some of the  melted butter. Lay a filo sheet on the bottom of the pan, brush with  butter, and repeat using a total of 8 sheets. Sprinkle a handful of the nut  mixture over the top filo sheet. Layer 3 more filo sheets, brushing each  with butter, and sprinkle again with a handful of the nut mixture. Continue  until all the filo sheets and nuts are used, being sure to brush each sheet  with butter. Use the reserved 8 sheets of filo for the last, top layer.    Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Using a long, very sharp knife, cut the  baklava into small diamonds: First make 6 evenly spaced lengthwise cuts.  Cut straight down until the tip of the knife touches the bottom of the pan,  and keeping the knife straight, cut in a straight line all the way. Next,  cut diagonally across the lengthwise cuts to form diamonds, starting in one  corner and making cuts until you reach the opposite corner.    Heat the remaining butter until it bubbles and pour it over the top of the  pastry. Bake for 1 1/4    hours or until evenly golden and flaky. Remove to a rack and spoon the  cooled syrup over the entire pastry. Cool in the pan, then serve pieces  individually, placing them in decorative paper cups if desired.    Yield: 55 to 60 diamonds    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1009 by Meg Antczak  <meginny@frontiernet.net> on Jan 14, 1998