Banana Caramel Custard
Eggs, (12 oz. each) evaporated, Sugar, Vanilla extract, Medium-size slightly, Salt, Grated nutmeg, GARNISH, Strawberries; (optional), 
This custard is a great dessert for entertaining because it can be made  ahead. It also can be easily doubled and baked in two loaf pans for a large  group.    1. Fill a roasting pan or a 13 x 9-inch baking pan half full of hot tap  water and place on an oven rack in the center of the oven. Heat the oven to      350    degrees.    2. In a small heavy saucepan, heat 1/2 cup of the sugar over medium heat  for about 5 minutes, swirling the pan occasionally until the sugar has  melted and turns golden brown. (Watch carefully: if it gets too dark it  will taste burned.) Immediately pour the mixture into a 9 x 5-inch loaf  ppan so the sugar (caramel) covers the bottom of the pan completely.    3. In a large bowl, beat the banana and remaining 3/4 cup of sugar with an  electric mixer on high speed until completely liquefied with no lumps. Or  process in a food processor. Beat in the eggs (or process) until  well-blended. (If using a food processor, scrape the mixture into a large  bowl.)    4. Add the evaporated milk, vanilla, nutmeg, and salt. Beat with a mixer on  low speed or stir just until blended. Pour the mixture into the loaf pan.  (Dont worry if the caramel cracks.)    5. Carefully place the baking pen in the center of the pan of hot water.  Bake for 1 hour and 15 to 20 minutes, or until a knife inserted near the  center comes out clean and the top is browned. Remove th e panfrom the  water and set on a wire rack to cool completely. When cooled, cover and  refrigerate for at least 8 hours.    6. To serve, run a thin knife around the inside edges of the custard.  Invert a serving plate over the pan. Invert the pan and plate together.  Lift the pan and allow the syrup to run onto the plate. Serve right away or  cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. Cut  into 10 slices.    (Recipe is from THE WOMANS DAY COOKBOOK (Round Stone Press, 1995)  Posted to FOODWINE Digest  by "Joanne L. Schweikj" <SCHWEIKJ@FREDONIA.EDU>  on Dec 4, 1997