Banana Butterfinger Cake
Vanilla extract, Sour cream, CAKE, Baking soda, bananas, Whipping cream, butterfinger, butterfinger bars, Dark rum, Semisweet chocolate, Salt, GLAZE, Unsalted butter, Light corn syrup, Vanilla extract, Cake flour, unsalted butter, Dark rum, Baking Powder, Sugar, Eggs, 
For Cake: Position rack in top third of oven; preheat to 350. Butter two  9-inch diameter cake pans with 1 and 1/2 inch high sides. Line bottoms with  waxed paper rounds. Butter and flour paper. Sift flour, baking powder and  salt into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl  until fluffy. Gradually add sugar and beat 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time,  beating well after each addition. Beat in dark rum and vanilla exxtract.  Combine sour cream and baking soda in medium bowl. Add mashed bananas to  sour cream mixture and stir until well blended. Add dry ingredients to  butter mixture alternately with banana mixture, beginning and ending with  dry ingredients. Stir in chopped Butterfinger bars. Divide batter between  prepared pans. Bake until center of cake feels firm and tester inserted  into center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool in pans on rack 10  minutes. Run small knife around sides of cake to loosen. Turn out cakes  onto racks and cool. Pull of waxed paper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead.  Wrap cakes tightly and store at room temperature.)    For Glaze: Combine cream, butter and corn syrup in heavy medium saucepan.  Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring until butter melts. Remove  from heat; add chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Stir in rum and  vanilla. Pour glaze into small bowl. Cover and refrigerate just until cool  and thick, stirring occassionally, about       40    minutes. Transfer 1 cake layer to platter. Slide waxed paper  strips under edges of cake. Stir glaze until smooth. Spread 1 cup glaze  evenly over top layer of cake. Spread remaining glaze over top and sides of  cake. Cover top and sides of cake with chopper Butterfinger bars. Remove  paper strips.  note: This came from an article in Bon Appetit called Candy Bar desserts.  It also contained recipes for Mounds Macaroons, Snickers Pie, Heath Bar  Brownie Sundaes with Caramel sauce, Frozen Milky Way Mouse with Bittersweet  Chocolate Sauce and Peanut Butter Cup Cheesecake. I didnt send the others  because I havent tried them yet (although I do plan to!) If you want any  of them, let me know and Ill be happy to post them.    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #213 by Mandy Bell <mbell@cdsnet.net> on  Sep 01, 1997