Bam Bam Salad
Carrots; florettes, Shiitaki mushrooms; quartered, Asparagus; cut on the bias, Beets; gophrette, Jicama; diced (7 ounces for, Tofu; extra firm, Sesame oil, Tamari, Garlic powder, Paprika, Green leaf lettuce; use baby, Parmesan cheese; freshly, Millet, White onion; grated, Bean sprouts, Water, Mushrooms; enoki for garnish, Sea salt, Black pepper, 
DESERT GREENS CAFE RECIPES By Executive Chef Matt Baer    Permission is granted to reprint this information, as long as credit is  given to the Indiana Soybean Development Council  ~~lthttp://stratsoy.ag.uiuc.edu/~in-qssb/welcome.html>    Culinary competition winner, 1997 National Restaurant Show    1. Prep all vegetables according to recipe requirements.    2. For the tofu: Combine sesame oil, tamari, garlic powder, and paprika in  a small mixing bowl. Place the tofu on a pan with another pan on top of the  tofu (to press the tofu). Leave pressed until water is removed. When all  water is removed, slice into battonettes (small baton shapes). Place tofu  into marinade, then put on parchment paper and bake at 350 degrees for 17  minutes or until crispy.    3. For the millet: Bring 1-1/2 cups of water to a boil in a small saucepan  with a pinch of sea salt. When water starts to boil add the millet and  reduce heat. Cook on heat for about 5 minutes, then remove from the stove  and allow mixture to steep. After 5 minutes, place in a mixing bowl and add  grated onion and grated jicama to the millet. Product will be soft. Form  millet into discs and place on greased parchment paper. Bake at 350 degrees  for 15-25 minutes.    4. For parmesan ring: Cut parchment paper into 2-1/2 x 9-inch sheets.  Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Spray parchment with vegetable spray and  graciously sprinkle parmesan cheese on the paper. Bake for 7 minutes or  until golden brown. Remove from the stove quickly and form ring around any  size can. Size will be based upon personal preference. When ring cools  remove parchment paper and product will be self standing.    5. Finally, toss salad with remaining vegetables and place in parmesan  ring. Add tofu and millet discs to your plate, then drizzle 1 ounce of  ponzu vinaigrette (recipe follows) over the top of the salad.    Serves 4 Nutrition information per serving: 296 calories, 3 grams saturated  fat, 9 grams total fat (28% of calories), 16 grams protein (21% of  calories), 38 grams carbohydrates (51% of calories), 8 mg cholesterol, 3  grams fiber, 1,019 mg sodium. Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n207 by KitPATh  ~~ltphannema~~at;wizard.ucr.edu> on Aug 16, 1997