Tamales Pt 1
Pork broth, Dried guarillo chiles,, Salt, Vegetable oil, Flour, Boneless pork butt, Ground cloves, Dried corn husks, Lard, Garlic, Salt, Water, Ground cumin, Onions, Garlic powder, Dried Oregano, Pork broth, Powdered New Mexican red, Salt, RED CHILE ALTERNATIVE, Dried ancho chiles, Lard, Lard, Masa Harina de Maiz, 
You can use parchment paper, Ive used both husks and parchment and there  is a definite difference in flavor, but some folks dont care for the heavy  corn scent so its up to you.    Im taking this recipe directly off a Masa Harina package from Quaker  because I am a "handful of this and a handful of that" cook, which is no  help for a neophyte tamale cook. But it is so close to how my family has  made it for generations (we dont use chopped onions or cloves) that I  thought youd like it.    PORK FILLING: Combine pork and water; simmer 35 to 45 minutes, or until  tender. [We cook it overnight on low in the crockpot]. Drain, reserving  broth. Break meat into coarse shreds.    Cover roasted chilies with boiling water, soak 20 minutes. Drain chilies;  place in blender jar. Add spices and 1 cup reserved pork broth. Blend until  smooth. Add additional broth if desired; blend to desired consistency. Cook  onions and garlic in 2 Tblsp lard until tender. Add meat and salt, mixing  until blended. Stir in chile mixture; simmer 15 minutes.    [Note: Roast the chilies outside! In my family, making tamales is a family  affair and 5 to 6 women are in the kitchen, but part of our kitchen is  outside where the smoke from roasting chilies doesnt make the house  uninhabitable! This is especially true when roasting fresh green chilies.  Tossing gourds full of burning chilies was used in warfare and if you cook  them in the house, you will find out why.]    RED CHILE ALTERNATIVE: In a large skillet or pot, heat oil over medium heat  Gradually stir in flour and cook until mixture lightly browns. Add red  chile, garlic powder and salt. Gradually whisk in broth Keep stirring to  break up lumps. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer Cook for 15 minutes,  stirring occasionally.    Makes about a quart. You wont need this much but it freezes well and now  you have a chile sauce for other meals. Ive had it in the freezer as long  as a year without problems. Combine the shredded pork with about half of  the red chile - enough to thoroughly soak the pork without having the  mixture turn soupy.    MASA: In large bowl, beat 2/3 cup lard until fluffy. Combine masa and salt;  alternately add with broth to lard, mixing well after each addition.  Gradually beat in 1/3 cup melted lard, mixing to consistency to thick cake  batter.    [Wash the corn husks, the next morning...they came straight from the field.  And that black sooty stuff is corn smut, a fungus and it is regarded as a  delicacy. I use it as a spice on several foods. They should be pliable by  the time you need them, so keep them in a clean bucket or dish pan full of  warm water as you assemble your tamales.]    TO ASSEMBLE: Spread 2 Tablespoons masa in center of each husk. Spoon 1  tablespoon meat filling lengthwise down center of masa. Fold husk over  filling, allowing plain part of husk to wrap around tamal. Fold bottom end  up over enclosed filling. Parchment can be "table-edge cut" at about 9  inches by 9 inches and wrapped the same way. Some folks like to tie their  tamales like little packages with a strip of corn husk. I just fold mine  end up...lazy girl lazy!    continued in part 2