Tamales with Chicken and Salsa Verde
Poulty broth, FOR THE TAMALE, Onion, Salt, fresh coriander, FOR THE SALSA VERDE, Salt, Baking Powder, Chicken, lard, Tomatillos, Lard, dried corn husks, Tomatillos, fresh masa, Serrano chiles, Cilantro, garlic, 
PREPARE CORNHUSKS: Simmer the shusks in water to cover for 10 minutes,  weighting them with a place to keep them submerged. Let them stand for a  couple of hours until husks are pliable.    TO MAKE THE DOUGH: Beat the lard in a mixer until very light, for about a  minute.  Add 1/2 pound (1 cup) fresh masa to lard. Beat until well blended.  continue beating, adding alternately the remaining 1/2 pound masa and the  poulty broth, adding only enough broth to give consistency of medium thick  cake batter. Then sprinkle in the baking power and salt. Beat 1 minute  more.    TO MAKE THE SALSA: Husk and wash the tomatillos. Put the tomatillos and 3  Serrano chiles and some salt in a pot of water and boil them until tender,  about 10-15 minutes. The drain them and put them in the bowl of a food  processor. Add the coriander, onion, and garlic. Process until smooth.    Heat 1 tablespoon lard in a medium large skillet over medium high heat.  When the lard is hot enough to make a drop of the tormatillo puree sizzle,  pour it all in at once.  Stir the sauce constantly for 45 minutes until it  gets darker and thicker...thick enough to coat a spoon.  Add the chopped  tormatillos and cilantro.  Season with salt.    Mix the shredded chicken with 1/2 cup cooked tomatillo sauce.    TO FORM THE TAMALES: Remove husks from water when they have softened. Pat  husks dry.  Tear extra shusks into 1/4 inch wide, 7 inch long strips one  for each tamale. Take one that is at least 6 inches across on wider end 6-7  inches long. Lay out this cornhusk with tapering end toward you. Spread a  couple of tablespoons of dough mixture into a square, leaving at least a 1  1/2 inch border on side toward you and 3/4 inch boder along other sides.  Pick up two long sides of cornhusk and bring them together, overlapping one  over the other. Fold up the bottom section of husk tightly right up to the  filling line.  Leave top open.  Secure it in place by loosely tying one of  strips of husk around tamale.  Repeat with remaining husks and dough  mixture.    Stand tamales on the folded bottom in prepared steamer, being sure they are  not packed too closely in steamer they need to expand.  Cover with layer of  leftover husks.  Cover with led and steam for 1 hour.  Chick carefully that  all the water doesnt boil away, adding boiling water when necessary.    Serve with additional salsa on the side.    Yield: 4-6 servings  Recipe By     : Tvfn - Taste - Show # 4906    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #275    Date: Sun, 3 Nov 1996 12:06:52 -0500    From: Doc1946@aol.com