Bali Tahu - Fried Beancurd in Javanese Blazing Red Sauce
SAUCE INGREDIENTS, Coconut cream, Salt, Tablespoon; water, Vegetable oil, Onion; thickly sliced, Garlic clove; chopped, Tomato; thickly sliced, Onions; thin sliced, GENERAL, Boiling water, Salt, Red chiles; thickly sliced, Piece ginger 1cm x 1/4cm, Sugar; raw or palm, Stalk lemon grass 4cm long;, Vegetable oil, Bean curd; in bite sized, 
Preparation of bean curds: Put the garlic & salt in a mortar, grind until  smooth. Add hot water. Stir. Dip bean curd cubes one by one into this  mixture. Heat 1 1/2 cups of oil in a wok, deep fry the ingredients over  med. high heat. 1st the onion slices, then the bean curd cubes. Cubes  should be cooked till yellow and not allowed to puff up. Fry one side then  the other. Drain well. Place chilies, tomato, onion, rest of garlic &  ginger in a blender. Add boiling water. Blend till smooth. In a skillet  heat 1 tbs. of oil, stir in blended sauce and add lemon grass. cook over  med. heat for 5 mins. Stir occasionally. Now add in the coconut cream,  sugar, and fried bean curd cubes. Cook for 5 mins. Salt to taste, remove  from heat and remove lemon grass before serving. Place on serving platter  and use the fried onions on top. Serve with veggies cooked in coconut cream  and serve with steamed rice.    NOTES : From: Indonesian Cuisine by Haryati Zucchi Posted by Joell Abbott  6/94 " the classical Javanese sauce, Bali, is used to flavor many main  ingredients... This sauce is probably as old as Javanese culture itself.*  In fact the sauce is produced by simple flavorings, such as ripe chilies,  and tomato which give the sauce its blazing red colour, then spiced with  scented lemon grass and ginger; a small amount of coconut cream & sugar is  added to give a delicate flavour to the dish." H. Zucchi, 1989 *(As chilies  all originate from New World plants, this is the statement of someone  simply proud of her heritage and not a scholar of foods. Javanese culture  goes far back beyond the trading days of the 16&1700s)  Recipe by: Indonesian Cuisine by Haryati Zucchi    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Christopher E. Eaves" <cea260@airmail.net> on  Feb 6, 98