Tamal Azteca
Canola or corn oil, (4 oz) roasted green chilis,, (6 oz) white onion, finely, Chopped cilantro, AZTECA SAUCE, Zucchini, diced, (10 0z) frozen chopt spinach, Garlic, Salt, Monterey Jack Cheese, grated, Azteca Sauce, Corn tortillas, (10 oz) frozen corn, thawed, TAMAL CONTENTS, Chopped cilantro, Defatted chicken stock, (28 oz) plum tomatoes,, 
AZTECA SAUCE: To make sauce, combine tomatoes and chilies in a blender and  make a coarse puree. Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion  and cook until lightly browned. Increase heat to medium-high, add garlic  and cook 1 minute. Add tomato and chili mixture and cook, stirring  frequently, until reduced and thickened, about 8 minutes. Add stock, reduce  heat to low and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes.  Stir in salt, remove from heat and stir in 1/4 cup of cilantro. Makes 4  cups of sauce. CASSEROLE: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spread tortillas out  on two baking sheets coated with vegetable oil spray. Lightly coat tops of  tortillas with vegetable oil spray and place them in preheated oven for 10  minutes. Turn over and bake 3 minutes more. Remove from oven and set aside,  leaving oven on.    Steam diced zucchini until just crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Remove  from steamer and set aside.    To assemble casserole, lightly coat a 7-by-11 inch baking dish with  vegetable oil spray. Spread a thin layer of sauce evenly over the bottom.   Cover sauce with 2 toasted tortillas. Evenly spread the chopped spinich  over the top of the tortillas. Top with one-fourth of the remaining sauce  and one-fourth of the cheese.    Place 2 more tortillas over the top and press down. Spread the corn on  top and cover with one-third of the remaining sauce and one-third of the  remaining cheese. Top with 2 more tortillas, again pressing down. Top with  zucchini, one-half the remaining sauce and one-half the remaining cheese.  Top with the 2 remaining tortillas and press down. Spread remaining sauce  evenly over the top and sprinkle on remaining cheese.    Cover tightly with foil and place in preheated oven for 25 minutes.  Uncover and bake about 10 minutes more, or until lightly browned. To serve,  sprinkle 1/4 cup of chopped cilantro over the top.    