Sweet-Potato Tartlets
Ground cinnamon, Salt, Allspice, Pecans, Unsulfured molasses, Ground ginger, Salt, Egg, Ground cloves, Heavy cream, Light brown sugar; packed, Light brown sugar, All-purpose flour, Granulated sugar, Unsalted butter; cut into, All-purpose flour, Cinnamon, Pure vanilla extract, *For the Filling*, Sweet potatoes, *For the Praline Topping, 
To make the filling: Heat oven to 400 degrees. Prick sweet potatoes. Place  on a baking sheet and bake for 40 minutes or until soft. When cool enough  to handle, peel and mash. Transfer mashed potatoes to an electric mixer;  beat on low speed for 1 minute. Whisk together egg, cream, molasses and  vanilla. Add to potatoes; mix on low speed, 1 to 2 minutes. Mix in  remaining filling ingredients. Let stand until crusts are ready. To make  the topping and crust: Begin by making pecan praline. Place 1/2 cup pecans  on a large parchemnt-lined baking sheet. In a small saucepan, combine  granulated sugar and 2 tablespoons water. Cook over low heat until sugar  dissolves. Cover and bring to a boil. Leave cover on until condensation  washes down inside of pan. Uncover, adjust heat to medium, and cook,  swirling pan occassionally, until sugar turns amber. Pour caramel over  pecans; let cool about 1 hour. Chop praline into small pieces. Heat oven to  350 degrees. On a rimmed baking sheet, toast remaining 3/4 cup pecans for  about 7 minutes, turning once. Let cool completely. Transfer to a food  processor and process to a fine powder; add butter, brown sugar, flour,  salt and cinnamon. Pulse until well combined. Set aside 1/2 cup of the  mixture to use for topping. Divide the rest among 3-inch tart tins. press  into tins. Refrigerate on a baking sheet for 30 minutes. Poke crusts with a  fork, and bake for 5 minutes. Place tart tins on a work surface and spoon  sweet-potato filling into each. Crumble reserved topping into small pieces  and mix in half the chopped pecan praline. Sprinkle this topping over the  sweet-potato filling, avoiding edges of the crust. Place tarts on a baking  sheet, transfer to oven, and bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until tarts are  puffed and golden brown. Transfer to a wire rack to cool 15 to 20 minutes.  Unmold and let cool to room teperature. Sprinkle the remaining pecan  praline over tarts and serve.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #197    Date: Mon, 12 Aug 1996 22:21:44 -0800    From: Kristine <ksimpson@cwo.com>