Szechuan Orange Beef
Minced ginger, GET READY, Dried red chile peppers (cut, Coarsly chopped scallion, Water, Vegetable oil, Pure water chestnut flour, White vinegar, Finely sliced scallion, Salt, Garlic, White pepper, Vegetable oil, Dry rice wine or pale dry, Water, BEEF, Sugar, Mushroom soy sauce, Oyster sauce, Pieces of dried orange peel, Cornstarch PLUS, Coarsly chopped garlic, CORNSTARCH MIXTURE, Beef (I find rumpsteak, SAUCE, Pieces and place the peel, Beef broth (I use 1/2 cup, 
This recipe is a modification of a recipe for Orange Chicken posted by  Russell S. Finn back in Dec. 1993.  The suggestion of using water chestnut  flour to coat the beef was a great one (it really is important to the  dish), but unfortunately I forgot the name of the person who sent it to me;  I thank him/her anyway. This recipe is one of the closest Ive gotten to a  Chinese restaurant-style. Hope yall enjoy it.    Beef: Mix together all ingredients except beef.  The coating will have the  consistency of thick gravy.  Stir in the beef to coat; it will not coat  heavily, but thats okay.  After it sits for a while, it gets like wall  putty. Let sit for 20-30 minutes; I do it the night before and let sit in  fridge overnight.    Heat oil in a deep-fryer, pot, or wok; enough oil to deep-fry the beef.  If  you hold a wooden chopstick in the oil and tiny bubbles stream from the tip  of the stick, the oil is hot enough (I use the highest setting on an  electric burner). Add several pieces of the coated beef to the hot oil and  fry for 5-8 minutes (you may want to remove a piece after 5 minutes and cut  it in half and taste it to see how you like it. I cook it for 7-8 minutes  until parts of the outside start to turn dark brown; its a matter of  personal choice).    Put the first batch into the oven (on low) to keep warm while you fry the  rest.  Prepare the sauce while you fry the beef.    Sauce: Mix all ingredients together and set aside.    Now: After beef is finished and waiting in the oven, heat a wok on high  heat and add the 2 TBSP of oil. Add the dried chiles, pieces of orange  peel, and scallion (the Orange Chicken recipe calls for 5 pieces of orange  peel and 3 dried chiles. I use 20 pieces of orange peel and 25-30 chiles,  but I like it hot. The heat amount is your choice, but I would use 10  pieces of orange peel initially. You can increase it next time if its not  "orangy" enough for you). Stir-fry about 30 seconds; peel starts to give  nice orange smell and chiles start to darken. Add the garlic and stir-fry  another 30 seconds or so till peels start to brown and chiles turning  black.  Stir-up the sauce mixture and add to the wok. Stir constantly until  sauce thickens and starts to bubble (1-2 minutes). Add the pieces of beef  and stir until thoroughly coated. Serve with rice.    You can also serve this dish over a bed of brocolli(sp?) which has been  stir-fried or lightly steamed (still crunchy, but not raw).  The water  chestnut flour is the key to the crunchy coating.  You can remove the  orange peel after its done if you dont like to eat them, but they taste  good if eaten together with a piece of beef and a couple of peppers  ;-)mmmmmmmmmmmm.    pete herzer <herzer@urz.unibas.ch>    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.