Banana, Walnut and Chocolate Chip Fritters
Budweiser Beer, Semisweet chocolate chips, All purpose flour, Cornstarch, Medium size bananas, Vegetable oil, Egg, Baking Powder, Salt, Cinnamon, Lemon juice, Walnuts; chopped fine, Light brown sugar, 
In a large stainless steel bowl, combine the flour, light brown sugar,  baking powder, cornstarch, salt and cinnamon. Set aside.    Smash the bananas to a rough-textured consistency in a stainless steel bowl  using a slotted spoon (they should yield about 1 cup). In another stainless  steel bowl, whisk together the beer, egg, and lemon juice. Pour this  mixture over the bananas and use the slotted spoon to combine thoroughly.    Add the banana and beer mixture to the dry ingredients and usa a rubber  spatula to combine thoroughly all the ingredients. Add the chopped walnut  pieces and chocolate chips. Thoroughly combine with a rubber spatula and  set aside.    Prehead the oven to 325 degrees.    Heat the vegetable oil in a deep fryer (or a high-sided, heavy duty pot) to  a temperature of 350 degrees. Use a #50 ice cream scoop (or long handled  tablespoon) to portion the batter. Drop 6 scoops of batter into the hot oil  and fry until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Use tongs (or a slotted  spoon) to remove the fritters from the hot oil and transfer to a baking  sheet lined with paper towels. Repeat this process until all the fritters  are fried , then place them in the preheated oven for 10-12 minutes, until  a toothpick inserted in the center of a fritter comes out clean.    Dust the fritters with confectioners sugar. Serve hot. Makes 24 fritters    Be certain to stir the batter in between frying each batch of fritters to  prevent the chocolate chips from settling to the bottom of the batter.  After each batch, skim the frying oil with a slotted spoon to remove fried  residue. For an elegant dessert, serve 2 0r 3 hot fritters in a pool of  White Chocolate Sauce sprinkled with a generous portion of fresh red  raspberries.    Recipe by: Marcel Desaulniers    Posted to recipelu-digest by Brenda <balcorn@earthlink.net> on Mar 2, 1998