Swiss Chocolate Candy Almond Pie - Heaven!
Nabisco famous chocolate, Crust, Butter, 
Preheat oven to 350?. Combine cookie crumbs and butter. This can be done in  a food processor. Press onto bottom and sides of a 9 inch pie pan. Bake for  7 to 8 minutes, until set. Cool.    Filling    3/4 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature 1 cup firmly packed light  brown sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 3 ounces unsweetened baking  chocolate, melted and cooled 4 eggs 3 ounces Praline Almonds, crushed (see  below) 1 cup whipping cream, whipped and sweetened to taste 8 whole praline  almonds for decoration    Cream butter, brown sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Beat in  melted chocolate. Beat in eggs 1 at a time, beating 2 minutes after each  addition, and scraping bowl often. The texture of the filling must be  perfectly smooth and velvety. Stir in crushed almonds, pour into pie crust  and chill. Ice all over with whipped cream and decorate with whole almonds.  Serves 8.    PRALINE ALMONDS      2 1/2    cups sugar      1/2    cup water 2 cups pecans or almonds    Oil a baking sheet. Combine sugar and water in a heavy saucepan and stir  until all sugar is moistened. Stir in nuts. Cook over high heat until all  the water is cooked out, sugar is powdery and nuts are dry. Remove from  heat to stir if necessary. When mixture is dry, cook, stirring constantly,  until sugar melts and coats nuts. Sugar should be caramel colored but not  liquid. DO NOT TOUCH-hot caramel is dangerous. When cool enough to handle,  break apart into individual pieces. Eat whole, or crush in a food processor  or blender.    NOTE: Gottliebs uses pareve chocolate meal for their crust. Nabisco Famous  Chocolate Wafers work best for home use, but they are definitely not  kosher. If thats a concern, look for any plain chocolate cookies which are  acceptable-Oreos will not do!    Recipe by: From Gottliebs Bakery 100 Years of Recipes Cookbook    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #190 by C4 <c4@groupz.net> on Aug 15,  1997