Banketletters (Almond-Filled Pastries)
DOUGH, Unsalted Butter; Very Cold, Sour Cream; Cold, Egg, Sugar, FILLING, All-purpose flour, (8-oz) Almond Paste; or Make, Almond extract, Blanched Almonds, Egg Yolk; Slightly Beaten, 
The confectioners of The Netherlands rank among the finest in Europe, so  don?t get frustrated if you need to try this recipe two or three times to  master your preparation. These little almond-based confections are  immensely popular for the holidays in The Netherlands.    Banketletters are flaky, puffed pastries filled with a delectable almond  paste and shaped into a letter, usually an initial. One of the most popular  letters is ?M?-- for Mother. ?M? also happens to be one of the larger  letters to select and serve. No Sinterklaas Eve gathering would be complete  without a large pastry letter adorning the serving table.    In a large bowl cut butter into small pieces and add to flour. Utilize a  pastry blender or 2 knives and cut the butter into the flour until the  butter is the size of peas. In a separate bowl, mix sour cream with the egg  yolk and blend into the flour and butter mixture with a fork until the  dough forms a ball. Divide the dough into 2 pieces, wrap well and  refrigerate for several hours (or several days, if desired). Allow dough to  return to room temperature before preparing cookies.    If you are preparing your own almond filling, grind the almonds well and  mix with the sugar and almond extract in a bowl. Add the egg and use a  wooden spoon or you hands to work the mixture until it is smooth. Almond  paste will keep for several weeks when wrapped securely and refrigerated.    To prepare the cookies roll the room temperature dough out into 1/2-inch  thickness and cut dough into strips 3 1/2 to 4-inches long. Work the almond  filling into little round sticks about the length and diameter of your  finger. Lay the almond paste sticks on the dough strips individually. Place  a dab of cold water on the end of each dough stick with almond filling and  tuck under. Make sure to place cookies seam-side-down on a cookie sheet.    Sticks may be formed into letters or wreaths, or any shape you desire.  Parts of letters can be joined by adding a dab of water to the joint of the  cookie. Prior to baking brush each cookie with 1 egg that has been beaten  with 1 Tbs. of water. Bake cookies in a pre-heated 400-F degree oven for 20  to 25 -minutes or until golden brown. Cool on wire rack. Cookies may be  served warm, if desired. Refrigerate to store and serve at room  temperature.  Happy Cooking from The Cook & Kitchen Staff at http://www.recipe-a-day.com    From The Cook & Kitchen Staff at http://www.recipe-a-day.com by The Cook  <owner-dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com> on Dec 07, 1997