Peanut Soup #3
Chunky peanut butter, FOR THE STOCK, Celery, Herb boquet (parsley; thyme,, Heavy cream, Finely minced celery, Onion; finely minced, Bourbon, Butter, Chicken broth, Onion, FOR THE SOUP, Turkey drumstick, Butter, Flour, 
From: "Sharon H. Frye" <shfrye@PEN.K12.VA.US>    Date: Tue, 25 Jun 1996 17:43:26 EDT  Emily, Greetings from Winchester, Virginia...a small city about 50 miles  west of Washington, DC. About 10 miles south lies the tiny town of  Middletown, VA, home to both Belle Grove Plantation and the Wayside Inn.  Peanut soup is a speciality of the Wayside Inn.This is the oldest motor inn  in America, originally designed for the horse and buggies traveling from  Washington to Harrisonburg. Middletown is about half way.    Belle Grove Plantation is a working plantation which was built in the late  1700s by Joist Hite, brother-in-law of James Madison. This recipe comes  from the "Belle Grove Plantation Cookbook" published by the dogents of this  historic place. I havent tried it (daughters peanut allergy), but I order  peanut soup every time I eat at the Wayside Inn. Folks around here say this  is the recipe used at the Wayside.    For the stock, melt butter in a saucepan large enough to hold the broth.  Add celery and onion, and cook slowly several minutes. Add broth,  crumstick, and herb bouquet. Simmer partially covered 1 1/2 hours. Strain  and refrigerate the stock, discarding solids. When chilled, remove fat from  top.    For the soup: Bring stock to a simmer. In another large pot, melt butter  and cook onion and celery 5 minutes. Stir in flour and cook, stirring, 2  minutes. Slowly add hot stock. Bring to a simmer and simmer 10 minutes. Add  peanut butter, beating until dissolved. Simmer 10 minutes longer. Add cream  and bourbon, and serve hot. Garnish with fresh chopped parsley, chopped  peanuts, or chopped country ham, if desired.    The recipe says it will serve 8-10 people. Only the stock may be frozen.  the recipe can easily be doubled.    Hope this is what your friend is looking for. Peanut soup is very rich, so  only a "cup" for a first course is necessary. Its absolutely wonderful,  and Im going to make it after my daughter leaves for college and I dont  run the risk of poisoning her!    EAT-L Digest 24 June 1996    From the EAT-L recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.