Swiss Chard with Roasted Onions
Vegetable broth, Salt and pepper, Swiss chard, onion, Red Bell Pepper, Garlic, 
Date: Tue, 12 Mar 1996 11:09:58 -0800    From: Judy.Mingram@west.sun.com (Judy Mingram - SunSoft)    From "Everyday Cooking with Dr. Dean Ornish" page 158-159    You can adapt this recipe to whatever greens you have:  spinach, kale,  collards, or beet greens, for example.  Just adjust the boiling time  (spinach takes seconds to cook; collards take several minutes), and make  sure to transfer the boiled greens to ice water to stop the cooking and  preserve the nutrients. The roasted onion and softened red pepper add a  pleasing sweetness to the dish. On another evening, serve these savory  greens as a sauce for spaghetti.    Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Separate chard ribs from  leaves.  Coarsely chop leaves and ribs separately.  Boil the ribs until  tender, about 4 minutes.  Scoop them out with a slotted sppon or sieve and  run under cold water to stop the cooking. Boil leaves in same water until  tender, about 3 minutes. Drain and transfer to a bowl of ice water. Drain  and gently squeeze leaves to remove excess water.    Combine bell pepper, garlic and vegetable broth in a skillet over moderate  heat.  Cover and cook until peppers are softened, about 4 minutes.  Stir in  diced onion, chard ribs and leaves, and salt and pepper to taste.  Cook  until hot throughout.    Serves 4; Serving size:  1/2 cup, Calories:  40, Fat:  0.18 g, Cholesterol:  0 mg, Carbohydrate:  8.8 g, Protein:  2.4 g, Sodium:  159.4 mg (with no  salt added).    Roasted Onions: Conventional oven:  Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Place  whole unpeeled onions on a baking sheet and bake until they are soft to the  touch and lightly browned on the outside, about 30 minutes.  Cool, then cut  off root end and squeeze out the soft interior.  One onion yields 1 to 1  1/2 cups diced roasted onion, depending on size.    Microwave oven:  Microwave whole unpeeled onions on full power until very  soft, 4 to 5 minutes.  Cool, then cut off root end and squeeze out the soft  interior.    FATFREE DIGEST V96 #72    From the Fatfree Vegetarian recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.