Barbara Wheelers Fresh Coconut Cake
Water, Butter or margarine; cut up, Vanilla, Shredded fresh coconut, Milk; hot, Vanilla, Baking Powder, Egg whites, NORMA WRENN, Flour, Egg yolks, Sugar, Chopped black walnuts <or>, FROSTING, Eggs, CAKE, Sugar, Cream of tartar, Walnuts or pecans; toasted, 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour three 9-inch round cake pans.    To make cake: In a large mixing bowl, beat the egg yolks, whole eggs and  sugar with an electric mixer for at least 5 minutes or until light and  fluffy. Stir the butter or margarine pieces into the hot milk until the  butter has melted. Combine the flour with the baking powder. Add 1/2 cup of  the flour mixture into the egg mixture, beating slowly. Add half the hot  milk mixture, 1 cup of the flour mixture, then the remaining hot milk,  beating after each addition. Add the remaining flour mixture and the  vanilla. Beat well. Fold in the nuts. Pour the batter into the prepared  pans.    Bake the layers in the 350-degree oven for 12 to 15 minutes or until a  wooden toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean. Cool for 5  minutes in the pans. Remove the cakes from the pans and cool completely on  wire racks.    To make the frosting: In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar with the  water. Bring the mixture to boiling and boil for 2 minutes or until it is  syrupy and the sugar dissolves. (Undissolved sugar will make the frosting  grainy.) Make sure to scrape down the sides of the saucepan and stir in a  figure-eight motion.    In a large mixing bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar with  an electric mixer until foamy. Slowly pour the hot sugar syrup into the egg  whites, beating constantly at the highest speed 4 to 6 minutes or until the  frosting is stiff enough to spread. Use a rubber spatula to guide the egg  whites toward the beaters and scrape down the sides of the bowl to be sure  that the frosting is evenly mixed. Beat in the vanilla. The finished  frosting should be smooth and fluffy, yet hold stiff peaks.    Place a cake layer on a cake plate; spread with about 1 cup of frosting and  sprinkle with 1/3 cup of coconut. Repeat with the remaining layers. Frost  the sides of the cake and sprinkle with the remaining coconut. Store the  cake in the refrigerator up to 24 hours.    Tips from our kitchen: Garnish this lovely cake with fresh coconut pieces,  kiwi fruit, fresh pineapple and pineapple leaves.    Nutrition analysis (Per serving): calories 477 cholesterol 129mg  carbohydrates 74g protein 8g sodium 201mg fat 18g sat fat 10g potassium  155mg    Source: Meredith Corporation  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Brenda H. Alcorn Date: Friday, February 13,  1998 9:07 PM on Feb 13, 1998