Pear and Almond Crostata with Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce
Unsifted all-purpose flour, Salt, Heavy cream, Butter, FILLING, Bear brandy, Unsifted all-purpose flour, Heavy cream, Butter, CHOCOLATE SAUCE, Eggs, Prepared almond paste, Bittersweet chocolate bar;, OPTIONAL INGREDIENT, Granulated sugar, PASTRY, Granulated sugar, Egg yolk, Ripe pears; peel, core &, 
Several hours or day before serving, prepare Pastry: In medium-size bowl,  with electric mixer on medium speed, beat butter and granulated sugar until  light and fluffy. Beat in yolk until well mixed. Reduce mixer speed to low.  Gradually beat in flour and salt. Gather dough into a ball, flatten to a  5-inch round, and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate pastry at least 1 hour  or overnight.    When pastry has chilled, between 2 sheets of floured waxed paper, roll out  pastry to 13-inch round. Remove top sheet of peper and invert pastry into  11-inch tart pan with removable botton, allowing excess to extend over  edge. Remove remaining sheet of waxed paper. Fold excess pastry inside so  that it is even around top edge with rim of pan; press pastry against the  side to make an even thickness. Wrap and refrigerate pastry crust until  ready to bake (no longer than 24 hours).    Heat oven to 350F. Prepare Filling: Cut pears lengthwise into 1-inch-thick  slices. In medium-size bowl, combine pears and brandy. In another  medium-size bow, with electric mixer on medium speed, beat eggs, almond  paste, and granulated sugar until well mixed. Beat in flour and cream until  smooth.    Arrange pear slices spoke fashion in chilled pastry crust. Place several  slices in center. Add any brandy remaining in bowl to egg mixtrue and pour  over pears. Bake tart 35 to 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in  center comes out clean. Cool tart completely on wire rack.    Up to 30 minutes before serving, prepare Chocolate Sauce: In top of double  boiler over hot, not boiling, water, heat chocolate and butter until  melted. Remove from heat and stir in cream until smooth mixture forms. Keep  warm in double boiler over hot water. Just before serving, pour sauce into  pitcher.    To serve, remove rim from tart pan and place tart on serving plate. Sift  confectioners sugar around edge of tart, if desired. Cut tart into 12  wedges and serve with chocolate sauce. Store any leftovers in refrigerator.    NOTES : This elegant desset is easy to make; the crust can even be rolled  out and fitted into the tart pan the day before.    Recipe by: Country Living (January 1998)    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Nesb2@aol.com" <Nesb2@aol.com> on Mar 24,  1998