Swiss Cheese Potato Bread #1
Eggs, Swiss cheese; coarsely, Instant potato flakes, Dry yeast, Stick butter or margarine;, Hot water; 120-130 degrees, Bread or all-purpose flour, Sugar, Salt, 
From: RobieLynn@aol.com (RobieLynn)    Date: Mon, 16 Jan 1995 11:53:34 +0000    Recipe By: Bernard Clayton - The Complete Book of Breads - Page 337  Equipment: One 8" tube pan (angel food, bundt, or guegelhupf), greased or  Teflon; 1 baking sheet.    By Hand or Mixer: Measure 1 1/2 cups flour into a large mixing or mixer  bowl and stir in the yeast, sugar, salt, potato flakes, and hot water. Beat  by hand 30 strong strokes, or for 1 minute in the mixer. Add the melted  butter or margarine, eggs, and Swiss cheese. Beat by hand 100 strokes, or  for 2 minutes with the mixer turned to high. Stop the mixer. Stir in the  balance of the flour, 1/2 cup at a time, first with the spoon and then by  hand, or with the mixer flat beater and then dough hook. The dough will be  a rough, shaggy mass that will clean the sides of the bowl. However, if it  continues to be slack (wet), add small portions of flour. Kneading (8  minutes): Turn the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead with  the rhythmic motion of push-turn-fold. Add light sprinkles of flour if  necessary. In the mixer, with the dough hook, the dough will completely  clean the sides of the bowl and form a ball around the revolving hook. The  dough will be smooth and elastic. Knead by hand or mixer for 8 minutes.    First Rising (1 hour): Place the dough in a greased mixing bowl and pat  with buttered or greased fingers. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap  and leave at room temperature until the dough has doubled in volume, about  1 hour. (If prepared with a new fast-rising yeast and at the recommended  higher temperatures, reduce the rising times by about half.) Shaping (6  minutes): Punch down the dough, turn it onto the floured work surface, and  let it rest for 2 minutes. It can be shaped in one of two ways. One is to  roll it under your palms to about 20 inches in length. Lay the length of  dough in the prepared pan. Overlap the ends slightly and pinch together.  Or, flatten the ball of dough and, with your fingers, punch a hole in the  center and widen this to slip over the tube. Either way, push the dough  firmly into the bottom of the pan.    Second rising (45 minutes): Cover the pan with a length of foil or wax  paper and let rise until the dough has doubled in volume, 45 minutes.  Preheat the oven to 375 degrees 20 minutes before baking. (If using a  convection oven, reduce heat by 50 degrees.) Place the pan in the moderate  oven. Bake until a metal skewer inserted in the center of the loaf comes  out clean and dry, about 45 minutes. Ten minutes before the baking is done,  carefully turn the loaf out of the pan onto a baking sheet.     Return to the oven. This will give the loaf a lovely overall brown that it  would not otherwise have. But handle it carefully. It is fragile when hot.  Take the bread from the oven. Slide the loaf off the baking sheet onto a  metal rack to cool before slicing.    NOTES: The author writes, "Swiss cheese melts and spreads through this  handsome and delicious loaf to create a soft and tender slice.  Basically a  potato bread, the loaf bakes to a light brown with dark pieces of crusted  cheese melted into the surface."    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.