Tabbouli #07
(scant) cracked bulgur wheat, Lemons, Green pepper, Tomato, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Bunches parsley (at least), -(up to), Green onions, Salt; pepper, and love, 
1. Rinse the bulgur wheat in cold water a couple times, until the water  stays fairly clear. Put it to soak in cold water for about 20 minutes or  until it is tender but firm to the tooth.    2. While the wheat is soaking, rinse the parsley thoroughly and pick  through it, discarding any yellow or wilted pieces. Gather a bunch of  parsley by the stems and lay it on a large cutting surface. Chop off and  discard the stems and then mince the parsley leaves. Transfer to a large  mixing bowl. Repeat with the rest of the parsley.    3. Slice the green onions into very fine rings (about 1/16 inch). Dice the  tomato into 1/4 inch dice. Core and de-vein the pepper and dice it into 1/4  inch dice also. Transfer both the tomato and the pepper to the bowl with  the parsley.    4. Squeeze the lemons for their juice and reserve it in a small bowl or  cup.    5. When the wheat is tender, drain it well and add it to the bowl with the  parsley and vegetables. Add the half the lemon juice and mix well. Taste to  see if the salad needs more lemon; it should have a distinct acid bite  without be harsh or unpleasant. Drizzle with olive oil to taste. (You want  enough to moisten and enrich the salad but not enough to make it greasy or  heavy. Start with about 1/4 cup and add more as needed.) Add the salt and  pepper to taste and allow to sit and develop for at least an hour. The  salad will keep in the fridge for several days and just get better and more  mellow as it ages.    Notes on ingredients:    1. Bulgur - Get the plain bulgur wheat in the produce section of most  supermarkets. Avoid the kind that already has dried herbs added to the mix  as they will be old and musty and wont add anything to the salad. In  France, taboule is often made with couscous. Treat it in the same way as  the bulgur, but expect that the soaking time will be reduced.    2. Parsley - Always use fresh parsley for the salad. Curly leaf parsley  works well, but flat-leaf Genovese parsley is much better and more  authentic. In some parts of the Mediteranean, cooks add fresh mint as well  as parsley. Ive never done this but you might try it for an experiment.    3. Vegetables - The green onions should be fresh and perky, not old and  limp. You can also use about 1/4 of a medium yellow onion, finely minced.  The tomatoes are more for color than anything else and can be omitted. The  pepper could be replaced with a red or yellow pepper, but should not be  omitted. Many people like cucumbers in their taboule. While this is not  traditional, it could be a tasty variation, particularly with the mint.    4. Oil - Always use the best-quality olive oil that your budget will allow.  It should always be extra-virgin and should have a powerful bouquet and  supple flavor.    5. Lemons - Dont be tempted to substitute Realemon for the lemon juice. If  you dont want to squeeze the lemons fresh, you can use a mixture of red  and white wine vinegars instead of the lemon juice. I often use a homemade  fruit vinegar (Raspberry or Four Fruits, for example) and apple cider  vinegar. If you were making the salad with mint, you might try a tarragon  vinegar or lime juice.    If, after all this, you go ahead and decide to make the salad, have fun  with it. Bon apetit!    HKA55365@VAX1.UTULSA.EDU    (KENNETH ALLEN HYDE)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.