Leek, Broccoli And Potato Soup
Favorite saute liquid, Leeks; sliced into rounds, Chopped broccoli florets;, Onion; diced, Garlic, Bouquet garni; (see below), White pepper; or to taste, Potato; peeled and diced, Finely minced parsley; for, BOUQUET GARNI, Fresh parsley stems; up to 3, Bay leaf, Sprig fresh thyme; up to 2, Peppercorns, Chicken type vegetarian, Salt; optional, 
Original recipe used oil for the saute liquid and a different stock.    Bouquet Garni: This takes 2 minutes to prepare. Wrap the ingredients in a  small piece of cheesecloth. (You can use a tea towel or other piece of  clean cloth, but cheesecloth works best because it allows the flavors to  seep out easily into the soup.) Tie the bundle with clean string or twice,  and set aside. (Although the taste will be altered, you can substitute a  few sprigs of parsley for the Bouquet Garni.    Place the saute fluid in a large nonstick saucepan. Saute the sliced leeks,  broccoli, and diced onion in the oil over medium heat until they are all  wilted, about 5 to 7 minutes.    Add the garlic and the bouquet garni. Combine sauteing about 1 minutes  more, stirring occasionally. Do not let the mixture brown. Carefully add  stock. (It should cover all the food.) Sprinkle in the salt and pepper and  stir. Add the diced potato as a thickener.    Bring the stock to a boil, then turn the heat down, cover, and let  everything simmer until the vegetables are tender, about another 10 to 12  minutes. Remove the bouquet garni with a spoon and discard it. Puree the  soup in a blender. After the soup is pureed, pour it back into the saucepan  (no need to rewash saucepan) and adjust the seasonings to taste, if  necessary.    At this point, you can refrigerate the soup until you are ready to serve it  a few hours later or the next day. When you are ready to serve the soup,  reheat it over low heat, but do not let it come to a boil. Garnish with the  minced parsley.    Recipe by: Diabetes Forecast Magazine, Feb 1998, page 62    Posted to fatfree digest by Kathleen <schuller@ix.netcom.com> on Nov 22,  1998, 