Sweet-Sour Beef
Water; divided, Sherry, Cornstarch, Garlic, Cider or rice vinegar, Sugar, Broccoli spear; cut in, Soy sauce, Green pepper; cut in chunks, Sugar, Carrots; sliced thin, Round steak; thinly sliced, Onion; cut in 8 wedges, Catsup, Vegetable oil, Grapefruit sections, Chili paste; optional, 
In a bowl mix well soy sauce, sherry and 1 tsp sugar; add meat and toss to  coat. Marinate meat for at least 15 minutes, tossing occasionally. Drain  meat; reserving the marinade for sauce. In a large heavy skillet or wok,  heat a little oil until hot but not smoking. Over medium-high heat stir-fry  meat for about 1 minute or till almost done. Remove meat, set aside and  keep warm.    In a small bowl mix together catsup, 1/2 cup sugar, vinegar and chili  paste. In another bowl mix 1/2 cup water and cornstarch.    Add the carrot and any broccoli stem pieces to the skillet and stir fry for  1 or 2 minutes, add the onion and garlic and stir fry for about 1 more  minute. Add 1/2 cup of the water and cook for a few minutes more till  carrot is almost crisp tender. Add a little additional oil if necessary.  Add green pepper and any broccoli florets and cook an additional 1 or 2  minutes. Stir in reserved marinade. Stir in the catsup mixture and heat  through. Add cornstarch/water mixture and cook and stir till sauce bubbles  and thickens. Fold in meat and grapefruit sections. Serve immediately.    Makes 4 to 6 servings.    Formatted for MasterCook by Mardi amdesjar@mb.sympatico.ca November 21,  1997.    Mardis notes: I got the original for this recipe from Womans Day  Magazine, February 1981 but made a few modifications. The original called  for the meat slices to be coated with additional cornstarch before browning  and used 1/4 tsp black pepper instead of the chili paste. I added the  broccoli and doubled the amount of carrot because it seemed to need more  veggies. The vegetables could be varied according to your preference.  Cauliflower, snow peas and mushrooms would likely all be good additions.    You may find the taste to be on the sweet side but it was well received by  my tasters. It would be a simple matter to cut back on the amount of sugar.  You could maybe start with 1/4 or 1/3 cup sugar and add more if needed.    Serving Ideas : Serve over rice  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #918 by Mardi Desjardins  <amdesjar@mb.sympatico.ca> on Nov 21, 1997