Barbecue Sauce #23
(7-oz) chipotle chiles in, Black pepper, Cloves garlic; ligntly, Molasses, Ground cloves, Bacon fat; lard or drippings, Onions; sliced (see, Ground allspice, Ham hocks or smoked bones, Malt or cider vinegar (see, Brown sugar, Ketchup, Smoked bacon; sliced or, Worcestershire, Ground coriander seed, 
From: tony.lima@toadhall.com (Tony Lima)    Date: Sun, 04 Aug 1996 11:54:00 -0700  (makes about 2-1/2 quarts) by Reed Hearon posted by Tony Lima  (tony.lima@toadhall.com)    1.  In a large sauce pot render the bacon on low to medium heat until it is  lightly browned all over.  Add the bacon fat or drippings and onions (see  notes) and continue cooking until the onions begin to brown.  Add in the  garlic, pepper, clove, allspice and coriander and cook for one minute. Add  the brown sugar and molasses and simmer for one hour (see notes).    2.  Add the vinegar, chipotles and ham hocks, bring to a boil, reduce to a  simmer and cook until the volume is reduced by half.    3.  Add the ketchup and Worcestershire and slowly simmer for 3 to 4 hours,  stirring occasionally (see notes).  Strain.    Note (added by Tony from notes taken while watching Reed make this sauce):    1.  Drippings from a smoked brisket can (should?) be used in place of or in  addition to the bacon fat.    2.  Use white onions if possible instead of yellow onions.    3.  Use a vinegar that will complement whatever beverage youre serving:  malt vinegar with beer, wine vinegar with wine, cider vinegar with hard  cider, and so on.    4.  Have the butcher split the bones.  They should be added to the bacon  while rendering. Reed also added the garlic cloves to the bacon while  rendering to roast the garlic.    5.  Simmering the sauce in step 1 is done to kill the sweetness.    6.  Simmering times in step 3 are a minimum; overnight is better.    7.  "Barbecue" is Reeds spelling, not mine!    Copyright, 1996, Reed Hearon.  Posted by permission.  Permission is also  granted to include this recipe in the chile-head and barbeque archives.    bbq-digest V2 #065    From the BBQ recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.