Ts Banana Cream Pie
CREAM TOPPING, Banana, pureed, PATE BRISEE, Cake flour, Tea Bags, milk, Sugar, Cornstarch, Egg yolks, Unsalted Butter, cut up, Bananas, sliced, Sugar, To 5 Ice Water, Unsalted Butter, cut up, Egg, Unbleached flour, BANANA CREAM FILLING, Heavy cream, Salt, Baking Powder, PASTRY CREAM, Vanilla, Fruit-Flavored Tea, cold, milk, 
Pastry Cream: In a heavy medium saucepan, combine tea bags, 1 3/4 cups  milk, and sugar. Bring to boiling, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from  heat, cover and set aside.    In a small mixing bowl, gradually stir 1/4 c milk into cornstarch to form a  smooth paste. Add egg. Beat at medium speed until b lended. Add egg yolks,  one at a time, beating well after each addition.    Remove tea bags from milk mixture, squeezing out as much milk as possible.  Gradually beat hot milk mixture into egg mixture at low speed. Pour into a  clean saucepan. Cook, whisking constantly, over medium-low heat until  mixture becomes extrememly thick and boils.    Pour into a large bowl. Add 4 tb butter and vanilla. Beat at medium speed  until smooth. Pless plastic wrap directly on surface of pastry cream. Cool  to room temperature, about 1 hour. Refrigerate until thoroughly chilled,  about 2 hours.    Pate Brisee: While pastry cream is cooling, in a food provcessor combine  flours, salt, baking powder, and 1/2 c butter. Pulse with quick on/off  pulses until mixture resembles peas.    With processor running, gradually add ice water until dough cleans sides of  bowl and forms a ball. Shape dough into a disc shape. Wrap and refrigerate  at least 30 minutes.    On a lightly floured surface, roll pastry into a 12" circle. Fit into a 9:  pie plate. Roll edge under and flute. Prick dough all over with tines of  fork. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.    Preheat oven to 425F. Line pastry with double thickness of foil. Fill with  dried beans. Bake at 425F for 15 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Continue  baking pastry shell 5-10 minutes until lightly browned. Cool on rack.    Cream Topping: Beat cream until it just begins to hold its shapeGradually  add 1 tb sugar and 1/2 tb tea., beating to stiff peaks. Cover and  refrigerate.    Filling: Stir pureed banana into chilled pastry cream until blended. Fold  in 1/2 c cream topping, then sliced bananas.    To Assemble: Mound banana cream filling into cooled pie shell. Spread with  remaining cream topping. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours.    Source: Victoria Magazine, August 1994 Typed by Katherine Smith Cyberealm  BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120    