Barbecued Beef Brisket - Lowfat
Blast of TasteBaste, Onion powder, Cider vinegar, Chili powder, Barbecue sauce; low-sodium,, Chipotle chili pepper; dried, Garlic powder, Blackstrap molasses, Red-hot pepper sauce, Louisiana hot sauce, Paprika, Beef brisket; trimmed, Garlic powder, Water, Paprika, Molasses, Heres the Rub, Chili powder, Dark brown sugar, Garlic powder, Ground red pepper;, Toms Own Quick, Liquid smoke, Paprika, Ground cumin, Black Pepper, Nonalcoholic beer, Low-sodium worcestershire, Onion powder, Low-sodium worcestershire, 
Sauce: Combine all Blast of Taste-Baste ingredients in a large (8 qt) soup  pot. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Yields 1 gallon    Note: After your beef brisket takes a nice long simmer in this spicy broth,  use it to mop, or baste, your brisket every 10 minutes while it grills.  Note: "Liquid smoke" introduces that flavor we all love but with none of  the potentially carcinogenic compounds in real smoke.    Rub: Combine all rub ingredients in a small bowl. Yields 2/3 c (enough to  rub both sides of one whole brisket or two 2 1/2- to 3-lb brisket pieces).    BBQ Sauce: Combine all BBQ sauce ingredients in a saucepan. Stir to blend  thoroughly. Cook, uncovered, over low heat for 15 minutes, stirring  occasionally. Remove and discard chipotle pepper (if used). Spoon sauce  over beef brisket slices. Yields 1 cup.    Meat:    Step 1 In a large soup pot over medium-high heat, bring "mop"  "Blast-of-Taste Baste" to a boil. Submerge a 3-lb trimmed beef brisket  (choose a square-end piece over a pointed end; it has less fat content) in  the spicy broth. Reduce heat to low and simmer 3 hours. Add water as  needed, just to cover meat.    Step 2 Remove brisket from mop to large platter. Let brisket cool 5  minutes. Using your fingertips, press 1/3 c dry rub into both sides of the  warm brisket, covering all surfaces. NOTE: Store any remaining rub in an  airtight jar and refrigerate or freeze.    Step 3 Preheat a covered gas barbecue grill on high for 1 minute, lighting  both sides. Turn off burner on right side of grill. Carefully lift right  cooking grid, using pliers or fireproof glove. Place a disposable baking  pan (8 1/2 x 12-in.) under right grid and lower grid back into place. Place  rubbed brisket onto right grid, directly over pan. With a spoon, lightly  baste meat with simmered mop. Close grill lid. Reduce heat on left side of  grill to medium. Roast brisket for 30 minutes, basting with mop every 10  minutes. Turn brisket over and roast for 30 minutes more, again basting  every 10 minutes.    Step 4 Remove brisket to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes, to  redistribute juices. Using a long, sharp knife, slice brisket thinly across  the grain (approximately 1/8-in. slices). Serve 3 oz of sliced meat on a  multigrain roll and slather with "Toms Own Quick Barbecue Sauce". Yields 8  sandwiches    PER SERVING (WITHOUT BBQ SAUCE):    CAL 309, FAT 7.4 g (22% of cal), SAT. FAT 0 g, CHOL 94.3 mg FIBER 2.1 g,PRO     35.3    g,CARB 24.3 g,SODIUM 276 mg    Posted in our public librarys computer. MC formatted by MC_Buster and  Brenda Adams<adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>    Recipe by: Prevention Mag., July 1997 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #695 by  Badams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Jul 27, 1997