Sweet Potato Pie
Cold butter or margarine, To 5 tablespoons cold water, Vanilla extract, Eggs, Ground cloves, or to taste, FLAKY PASTRY, Flour, Sweet potatoes, Cold lard or vegetable, Grated nutmeg, or to taste, Cinnamon, or to taste, Prepared pie crust (see, Salt, or to taste, Salt, Butter, Light brown sugar, milk, 
In this very accommodating pie, the amount of sweet potato used need  not be exact.    1.  Preheat oven to 375F.  Pare sweet potato, cut in half lengthwise,  then cut each piece once crosswise, and drop into boiling water to  cover. Boil until tender (15 to 20 minutes).  Meanwhile, cut butter  in small chunks and place in a medium mixing bowl with sugar.    2.  Drain sweet potato and quickly mash with butter and sugar. While  mixture is still hot, beat until smooth.  Beat in milk and egg yolks.  Add salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, and vanilla; carefully adjust  spicing to taste.    3.  Using an electric mixer with clean, dry beaters, beat egg whites  in a small bowl until stiff.  Gently fold beaten whites into sweet  potatoes. Pour mixture into pie crust, place on a baking sheet, and  bake for 40 minutes.  Lower heat to 350F and bake until top is medium  brown and crust is golden brown (an additional 5 to 10 minutes).  Serve at room temperature or chilled.    Serves 8.    VARIATION:  For the more familiar, heavier pie filling, omit milk,  and beat whole, unseparated eggs into the sweet potato mixture.  Bake  at 375F for 40 minutes.  Serve warm or at room temperature.    FLAKY PASTRY:    1.  In a large bowl mix flour and salt.  Using a pastry blender or 2  knives, cut in lard and butter until mixture is crumbly and particles  are the size of small dried peas.    2.  Mixing lightly with a fork, sprinkle on water, 1 tablespoon at a  time, until dough begins to cling together.  With your hands press  dough into 2 flattened balls of equal size.  Enclose in plastic wrap  to prevent dough from drying out while preparing filling.  To avoid  stickiness, refrigerate for up to a day.    3.  Roll out on a lightly floured surface, using short, firm strokes  to achieve uniform thinness, according to recipe directions.    Makes two 9-inch pie crusts.    NOTE:  To prepare in food processor, combine flour and salt in work  bowl. Add lard and butter.  Process, using short on-off bursts, until  coarse crumbs form.  Add water through feed tube, 1 tablespoon at a  time, processing until mixture barely clings together.  Use your  hands to press pastry together into 2 smooth balls.    From "Regional American Classics", California Culinary Academy,  Chevron Chemical Company, 1987.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; November 3 1992.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip