Barbecued Turkey with Maple-Mustard Glaze
Whole star anise, FOR TURKEY, Bay Leaves, Onions; quartered, Chopped fresh ginger, Dry white wine, Water, Disposable 9x6 1/4x1-inch, Oranges; cut into wedges, (1/4 stick) butter, olive oil, Oriental sesame oil, Coarse salt, FOR GLAZE, Pure maple syrup, Dijon mustard, Whole black peppercorns;, 13-to-14-pound turkey;, (packed) golden brown sugar, Hickory smoke chips; soaked, 
First the turkey is soaked overnight in a brine to improve flavor and  ensure moist meat. (Be sure to use a pot large enough to hold both the  brine and the turkey.) The smokiness of the turkey is offset beautifully by  the tangy, sweet glaze, which incorporates two quintessential Napa Valley  ingredients: wine and mustard.    Make turkey: Combine first 8 ingredients in very large pot. Bring mixture  to simmer, stirring until salt and sugar dissolve. Cool brine completely.    Rinse turkey inside and out. Place turkey in brine, pressing to submerge.  Chill overnight, turning turkey twice.    If using charcoal barbecue: Mound charcoal briquettes in barbecue and burn  until light gray. Using tongs, carefully divide hot briquettes into 2  piles, 1 pile at each side of barbecue. Sprinkle each pile with generous  1/2 cup hickory chips. Place empty broiler pan between piles. Position  grill at least 6 inches above briquettes. Position vents on barbecue so  that chips smoke and briquettes burn but do not flame.    If using gas or electric barbecue: Preheat barbecue with all burners on  high. Turn off center burner and lower outside burners to medium-low heat.  Place generous 1/2 cup hickory chips in each of 2 broiler pans. Set pans  over 2 lit burners. Place empty broiler pan over unlit burner. Position  grill at least 6 inches above burners.    Remove turkey from brine; discard brine. Pat turkey dry with paper towels.  Place orange wedges in main cavity. Mix olive oil and sesame oil in small  bowl. Brush over turkey. Arrange breast side up on grill, centering above  empty broiler pan. Cover; cook until thermometer inserted into thickest  part of thigh registers 160F, adding 1 cup hickory chips (and 6 briquettes  if using charcoal barbecue) to barbecue every 30 minutes, about 3 hours.    For glaze: Bring all ingredients to simmer in heavy medium saucepan.    Brush glaze over turkey; cover and cook until thermometer inserted into  thickest part of thigh registers 180F, covering any dark areas of turkey  with foil, about 1 hour longer. Transfer turkey to platter. Tent with foil  and let stand 30 minutes.    Serves 8.    Bon App?tit November 1997    Posted to recipelu-digest by Sandy <sandysno@pctech.net> on Mar 05, 1998