Pear Tarts with Caramel Sauce
All-purpose flour, Brown sugar, TARTS, Confectioners sugar, CARAMEL SAUCE, Puff pastry, pears, Egg yolk, Amaretto, Super fine sugar, Heavy cream, ALMOND CREAM, Ground almonds, Unsalted butter, mint, Unsalted butter, Egg yolks, 
To make the almond cream: In the bowl of an electric mixer or with a wooden  spoon, beat the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the  egg yolks, beat in well, and add the Amaretto. Stir in the ground almonds  and flour until evenly mixed. The mixture should be the consistency of a  thick paste.    To make the caramel sauce: In a small sauce pan, combine the brown sugar,  butter and cream. Bring the mixture to a boil and boil vigorously for 2  minutes, remove from the heat. Cover and keep warm at the back of the  stove.    To make the tarts: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. On a lightly floured  surface, roll out the pastry to a 1/8inch thickness and, using a plate or  cardboard circle as a template, use a very sharp knife to cut four 7inch  circles. Spread a circle of almond cream in the center of each, leaving a  1inch border. Fan the sliced pears out from the center of each tart,  completely covering the almond cream but still leaving the border. Beat the  egg yolk lightly with a fork and brush the border of the pastry with it  (try not to let any yolk dribble down onto the cut edges of the pastry,  otherwise it will not rise as high). Bake the tarts for about 20 minutes,  until the edges are golden and the pastry is baked through. Remove from the  oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes Place a sprig of mint in the center of  each tart and sprinkle it with a little confectioners sugar. Serve warm,  drizzled with the warm caramel sauce.    Yield: 4 servings    Note: to make ground almonds, freeze whole or sliced blanched almonds, then  process them in a blender in short bursts, scraping down the sides as  necessary, until they are evenly ground. Do not over process or allow them  to get warm, otherwise they will turn into nut butter.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #328    Recipe by: TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW #TH6224    From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>    Date: Wed, 4 Dec 1996 08:11:39 -0500