Barbecued Beef Salad Wrapped in Rice Paper
garlic, Sesame seeds, Boneless beef round, Fresh serrano chili, Stephen Ceideburg, Fresh coriander leaves, Red lettuce leaves, Vietnamese fish sauce, Asian sesame oil, Nuoc cham dipping sauce, fresh lemongrass, Shallots, Sugar, Boiling water, dried rice-paper, Fresh mint leaves, rice stick noodles, English cucumber, 
* or 2 tablespoons dried lemongrass soaked in warm water for 1 hour    This "fresh" Vietnamese spring roll is not fried, which makes it lighter  and very refreshing. The filling, though herbaceous and hearty, is also  light. Note that the beef needs to be marinated for at least 3 hours before  cooking.    1. Cut the beef into 4- by 3/4-inch pieces. Slice each piece across the  grain into 1/4-inch thick strips.    2. Remove and discard the tough outer leaves of the lemongrass. Slice the  tender white heart into 1-inch lengths and put them in a food processor  with the shallots, garlic, chili and sugar; process into a paste. Transfer  the paste to a bowl and mix in the fish sauce, sesame oil and sesame seeds.  Add the beef slices, mix, and marinate for at least 3 hours or overnight.    3. In a medium bowl, cover the rice stick noodles with boiling water; let  stand 1 minute, then drain. Arrange the rice stick noodles, lettuce,  cucumber strips, mint and coriander in separate piles on a platter, leaving  space for the beef. Refrigerate.    4. Just before serving, preheat a grilling rack over hot coals. Grill the  beef strips for 30 seconds on each side, just until nicely seared. Or place  the beef strips on the highest oven rack under a hot broiler and broil on  each side until seared. Arrange the beef on the platter.    5. Have a dish of dipping sauce and one or more wide bowls of warm water on  the tables. Each guest dips a rice paper circle into a water bowl and  immediately spreads it flat on a dinner plate or a damp towel. The circle  will rehydrate and become pliable in a few seconds. It is then ready to be  filled and rolled.    6. To make a spring roll, lay a lettuce leaf on the bottom third of the  moistened circle. Top it with 2 or 3 slices of beef, a large tablespoon of  noodles, several strips of cucumber and a few leaves of mint and coriander.  Fold the near edge of the paper over the filling, then roll up the paper  around the filling, keeping it taut. Halfway through, fold one end over to  enclose the filling; then continue rolling. Dip the open end of the roll  into the sauce and eat it with the fingers. Serves 6.    Note:  To make Vietnamese nuoc cham dipping sauce: Grind 4 garlic cloves, 2  fresh chilis (preferably serrano) and 2 tablespoons sugar into a paste in a  mortar, blender or mini food processor. Stir in 6 tablespoons Vietnamese  fish sauce (nuoc mam), 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice and 6 to 8  tablespoons water. Strain into a dipping bowl.    IMAGE, Jim Wood, Sunday, March 8, 1992.    Posted by Stephen Ceideburg    