Sweet Muenster Bread
Salt, Sugar, FILLING, Warm water, Egg, Flour; (3 to 4), Butter, Warm milk, Munster Cheese; grated, Dry yeast, Butter, 
Sprinkle yeast over the warm water, stirring with a fork until dissolved.  Set aside. In a mixing bowl, combine the milk, sugar, salt, and melted  butter. Blend well and add the yeast mixture. Beat in 2 cups of flour until  mixture is smooth. Add sufficient flour to make a soft, workable dough.  Turn out on a lightly floured board and knead until smooth and satiny,  about 8 minutes. Round into a ball and place in a warm, greased bowl,  turning to coat the top. Allow to double in bulk, about 1 hour. Punch the  dough down and allow a second rising, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile prepare  the filling. Spray a 10" cake pan with PAM. Punch the dough down, turn out  on a floured board, cover, and let rest 10 to 15 minutes. Roll into a large  circle 24 to 26" in diameter. If dough resists, cover and let rest again.  Fold circle of dough in half and lay across half of the cake pan. Unfold  the dough. Carefully lift and press dough to fit into the pan leaving a  skirt of dough draped over the rim. Mound the cheese on the dough forming  it higher in the center. Pick up the skirt of dough and begin to pleat in  loose folds around the mounded cheese, lifting and rotating the pan as you  progress. Gather the ends on top together and twist into a knob. Take both  hands and encircle the bottom of the knob and give a firm twist. If any  dough is torn, pinch together firmly. Set loaf aside 15 minutes. Give the  knob on more twist. Bake in a preheated 375F oven 1 hour, or until golden  brown. If top becomes too brown, cover with foil the last 15 minutes. Let  bread cool in cake tin on a wire rack. Do not attempt to slice until the  cheese has congealed. Reheat if you wish to serve warm.This bread stems  from middle Europe. It can be frozen, served warm, room temperature, or  chilled. Do not substitute any other cheese    Posted to Digest bread-bakers.v097.n052 by Sally Eisenberg  <sparky@netgate.net> on Aug 13, 1997