Barely Chilehead Duck
Cumin seeds (up to 2), Hominy, rinsed, MARINADE, Onion, choppped, Butter, Serrano chiles, Salt, Brown sugar, Big Jim, Anaheim, or, Cinnamon, Oranges, juice of, Clove garlic, chopped, Whole peppercorns, SAUCE, Cilantro (about 1/2 c.), Pumpkin or sunflower seeds, Duck stock (you can make, Green plantains, 
Well, heres a recipe I came up with. Your request was kind of like a game  my wife and do -- name three ingredients and the other person has to come  up with something. My wife added plantains to the mix (I dont know why!).  In the process the chiles kind of took on a secondary role. Anyway, the  cilantro sauce is inspired by a cilantro/cumin/habenero sauce from a  restaurant, but here its milder and sweet to go with the duck. This should  serve about 4 people.    Cut the duck into bite-sized slices and mix with the marinade. Let stand  for 3 or 4 hours (at least). Meanwhile, toast the cumin seeds until  fragrant and grind into a powder. Puree the cilantro, pumpkin seeds, cumin  and chiles (seeds and all). Add salt to taste. Roast and peel the chiles.  Deseed and cut into strips. Set aside. Boil the plantains, let them cool,  peel, and slice into rounds about 1/4" thick. Put them in a pot with the  hominy, stock, and salt to taste. Bring to a boil then simmer until tender.  Drain and keep warm. Remove the duck from the marinade (reserve the juice)  and dry. Melt the butter in a heavy skillet at medium/high heat. Sear the  duck in the pan, add the chiles, bring back to heat, then remove, and set  aside (leaving the juices in the pan). Add the sugar to the pan and cook  until it any remaining liquid boils away and the sugar starts to carmelize.  Add the marinade, bring to a boil and then reduce to about 1/2 c. Pour the  hot marinade into the cilantro/cumin mix and process until smooth. It  should be a thick saunce, almost a paste. On a platter make a bed of hominy  and plantains with the duck and chiles mounded in the center. Garnish with  fresh cilantro and  dollops of the sauce, serving the rest on the side.  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #130    Date: Sun, 13 Oct 1996 11:09:05 -0700 (PDT)    From: David Cook <zebcook@pacbell.net>