Sweet Potato and Grits Spoon Bread
Ground nutmeg, grits, Ground cinnamon, GRITS, Salt, Water, Sweet potatoes, Cayenne pepper, Heavy cream, SWEET POTATOES, Maple syrup, Eggs, Butter, Salt, white pepper, Garlic, 
Put the sweet potatoes in a large pot; cover with water and 1 1/2 tsp. of  the salt. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer until the potatoes  are fork-tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and puree the potatoes in a food  mill or ricer. Fold in the remaining 1 tsp. salt, the white pepper, nutmeg,  cinnamon, and maple syrup. Set aside.    While the potatoes boil, cook the grits. In a medium heavy-based pot, bring  the water and garlic to a boil. Add the butter, salt, and cayenne.  Gradually whisk in the grits. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer,  stirring occasionally, until the grits are cooked and creamy and just start  to pull away from the side of the pot, about 30 minutes. Remove from the  heat and fold in the cream.    Heat the oven to 400F. In a large bowl, mix the sweet potato puree with the  grits. Mix in the egg yolks. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until  they form soft peaks; gently fold them into the sweet potatoes. Spread the  mixture in a 9x13-inch casserole and bake until pudding sets and the top is  lightly browned, about 35 minutes.    Cindys notes: I used instant grits which cooked in about 5 minutes.    NOTES : From the article "Easy Southern Vegetables Make Holiday Meals  Festive" by Robert Carter (chef at the Peninsula Grill at the Planters Inn  in Charleston, South Carolina). Carters notes: Technically, spoon bread is  made with cornmeal, but I prefer the texture of this pudding-like dish when  made with coarse, country-style grits. Instant grits and even polenta will  also give the dish good corn flavor and a wonderful texture. If using one  of these substitutions, follow the package directions for cooking times.  Recipe by: Fine Cooking, Dec 97/Jan 98    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #931 by DarlingCL@aol.com on Nov 29, 1997