Pear-Cranberry Upside Down Cake
All-purpose flour, Granulated sugar; divided, Vanilla, Egg white, Firm ripe Bartlett pears;, Light butter; at room, 1% low-fat milk, Salt, Egg; separated & divided, Packed light brown sugar, Grated orange zest, Baking Powder, Fresh or frozen cranberries;, 
Preheat oven to 350F. In 10" cast-iron or heavy, ovenproof skillet melt 1  tablespoon butter over medium heat. Brush butter to coat bottom and halfway  up sides of skillet. Remove from heat. Sprinkle bottom evenly with brown  sugar. In bottom of skillet, arrange pear wedges, rounded side down, like  spokes of a wheel, leaving center open. Fill in center and spaces between  pears with cranberries. In small bowl combine flour, baking powder and  salt. In medium bowl with mixer at medium speed, beat both egg whites until  foamy. Gradually beat in 1/4 cup granulated sugar. Increase mixer speed to  medium-high and beat until stiff, glossy peaks form. In large bowl, combine  remaining 2 tablespoons butter, remaining granulated sugar, egg yolk and  vanilla. With mixer at medium speed beat until blended, about 2 minutes.  Beat in 1/2 of the milk. reduce speed to low and beat in 1/2 of the flour  mixture. Beat in remaining milk, zest and remaining flour mixture. Beat in  remaining milk, zest and remaining flour mixture. Stir in spoonful of  beaten egg whites to lighten mixture. Gently fold in remaining whites in  two additions until just blended. Pour batter evenly over pears in skillet.  Bake 30-40 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean.  Transfer skillet to rack to cool for 3 minutes. Invert serving plate over  skillet. Using mitts to protect your hands, carefully invert cake onto  plate. Remove skillet. Spread any glaze remaining in skillet over pears.  Let cake cool completely.    Makes 10 servings. Per serving: 170 calories; 3 g protein; 4 g fat; 22 mg  cholesterol; 31 g carbohydrates; 162 mg sodium.    Your time in the kitchen: 30 minutes. Ready to serve in 1 hour, 15 minutes.    Sneak peak at irresistible, guilt-free treats from Richard Simmons  brand-new cookbook, "Sweetie Pie", printed in Womans World, 11/4/97 issue.    Recipe by: Womans World 11/4/97, Richard Simmons    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #879 by 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail) on  Nov 01, 1997