Barbecued Oysters on Spinach and Red Onion Salad
Shallots; peeled and minced, Peanut oil, Clove garlic; peeled and, Water, Sugar, Salt, Salt to taste, Ancho chili mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, Sweetened rice wine vinegar, Lime or to taste; juice of, Bacon, Chicken Stock, Fresh cracked black pepper;, Carrot, Mansion pepper mixture, Bacon-blue cheese dressing, Packed fresh spinach leaves;, Egg yolk, Balsamic vinegar, Salt to taste, Cornstarch, White wine vinegar, Fresh buttermilk, All-purpose flour, Ancho chilies; seeded, Red onion, Fresh oysters, Blue cheese; crumbled, Spinach & red onion salad, Heavy cream, Corn oil, 
OYSTERS Shuck oysters and drain liquid. Combine pepper mixture and flour.  Dredge oysters in mixture. Shake off excess.    Heat 1/4 cup oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Fry oysters, 5 at a  time, for 1 minute per side or until golden. Wipe pan and use fresh oil for  each batch. Drain on paper towels. Keep warm.    SPINACH & RED ONION SALAD Stack spinach leaves together, 5 or 6 leaves  thick. Roll into a log shape and cut into thin slices. You will have  spinach threads. Set aside.    Peel carrot and cut into very thin julienne. Toss with spinach in a medium  bowl and set aside. Peel onion. Cut in half and slice into very thin  half-moon shapes. Put in a small bowl and set aside.    Heat rice vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring  constantly. When sugar dissolves, remove from heat. Add pinch of salt and  pour over onion. When cool, drain onion and pour over spinach and carrot  and toss to combine.    BACON BLUE CHEESE DRESSING Julienne bacon across grain into short strips.  Place in a medium sautJ pan over medium heat and sautJ for 6 minutes or  until bacon is crisp. Remove and drain on paper towel. Pour off half of  bacon fat from pan. Add shallots and garlic and sautJ for 2 minutes. Stir  in white wine vinegar. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly, then add  cream, chicken stock, and buttermilk. Return to a boil.    Dissolve corn starch in water. when dressing returns to a boil, stir in  corn starch little by little until dressing is slightly thickened. Season  with salt and pepper. Add blue cheese and bacon strips. Keep warm.    ANCHO CHILI MAYONNAISE Soak chilies in hot water for about 20 minutes or  until soft. Place in a blender and puree until smooth. Add egg yolk, Dijon  mustard, and balsamic vinegar. Process until well incorporated. With  blender running, slowly add oil in a thin, steady stream. When well  combined, blend in lime juice. Season to taste. Pour mixture into a plastic  ketchup bottle and set aside until ready to use.    ASSEMBLY On each of four salad plates, arrange 5 little mounds of Spinach &  Red Onion Salad, allowing about 2 tablespoons per mound, around the outside  of each plate. Drizzle Bacon-Blue Cheese Dressing in the center of each  plate. Place an oyster on each salad mound, then streak about 1/2 teaspoon  Ancho Chili Mayonnaise on top of each oyster. Serve immediately.    Formatted by suechef@sover.net    Recipe by: DEAN FEARING #HE1A06    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #792 by Sue <suechef@sover.net> on Sep 19,  1997