Barbecued Rum Chicken
Dried thyme leaves, Boneless skinless chicken, Soy sauce, Finely chopped fresh garlic, Honey, Orange juice, Dark rum or orange juice, 
In small bowl combine all ingredients except chicken. In large resealable  plastic food bag place 2/3 cup marinade; add chicken. Tightly seal bag.  Turn bag several times to coat chicken well. Refrigerate, turning  occasionally, at least 4 hours or overnight. Refrigerate remaining marinade  in separate covered container. Prepare grill, placing coals to one side;  heat until coals are ash white. Make aluminum foil drip pan; place opposite  coals. Remove chicken from marinade; discard marinade. Place chicken on  grill over drip pan. Grill, turning once, until chicken is no longer pink  (15 to 20 minutes). Meanwhile, in 1-quart saucepan cook remaining marinade  over medium heat until mixture comes to a full boil (2 or 3 minutes).  Continue cooking until slightly reduced (7 to 8 minutes). Drizzle over  chicken.    Broiling Directions. Prepare chicken as directed above. Broil 4 to 6 inches  from heat until chicken is no longer pink (12 to 14 minutes). Continue as  directed above.    Nutrition Facts (1 serving) Calories 220; Protein 27 g; Carbohydrate 9 g;  Fat 1.5 g; Cholesterol 65 mg; Sodium 990 mg    Prep Time: 5 minutes; Marinating Time: 4 hours; Grilling Time: 15 minutes    Technique: Indirect cooking on the grill heats the food evenly from the  sides rather than from the center. If using a charcoal grill, open all the  vents, divide charcoal briquets evenly and arrange them in the grill,  leaving space in the center. Light the coals. When they are ash white,  place a foil drip pan between the coals and put the cooking grate in place.  Set the food on the center of the grate, then put the lid on the grill.  Dont lift the lid or turn the meat unless the recipe instructs.    Happily scanned and MC formatted, using Buster, by Pamela Creeden 5/11/98    Recipe by: Land O Lakes / Flavors of Spring    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "Pamela Creeden" <creedenites@sprintmail.com>  on May 11, 1998