Barbecued Shredded Pork with Corn Crepes and Avocado Salsa
Medium; ripe avocados, Serrano chilies (according, Unsalted butter; melted, Chopped cilantro, Garlic, Anaheim chili; seeded and, Chicken Stock, Corn flour, milk, Lime juice; more to taste, Molasses, Chili flakes, Tomato, Egg, AVOCADO SALSA, BARBECUE SAUCE, All-purpose flour, Chiptole chili in adobo, Soy sauce, Lemon juice, Worcestershire Sauce, Kosher salt to taste, Kosher salt, Sugar, Kosher salt, Tabasco sauce, Shredded cooked pork, Minced chives, Chili sauce (bottled), Water, Dijon mustard, Barbecue sauce (separate, Minced white onion (about, 
recipe from Bradley Ogdens Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner    In a medium mixing bowl sift together the dry ingredients. In a separate  bowl combine the egg, milk, and melted butter. Make a well in the dry  ingredients and gradually beat in the egg mixture. Stir in the chives. Let  the batter rest for 30 minutes before using.    Heat a well-seasoned crepe pan over medium heat until almost smoking.  Butter lightly and pour in about 2 tablespoons of batter, just enough to  make a thin 5-inch crepe, tilting the pan to distribute the batter evenly.  Bake until golden brown, cooking on one side only. Remove the crepe from  the pan and continue with the remaining batter, stacking the warm crepes on  a plate.    Heat the barbecue sauce in a medium saucepan and add the shredded pork.  Stir to coat the pork evenly with the sauce. Simmer gently for a few  minutes to make sure the meat is heated through. Fold or roll the crepes  around the filling. Top with any remaining barbecue sauce and serve the  avocado salsa on the side.    Avocado Salsa (makes 2 cups): In a medium-size bowl, mix the minced white  onion and 2 tablespoons of the lime juice. Set aside while preparing the  tomato and avocados. Core and cut the tomato into 1/4-inch dice. Cut the  avocados in half, remove the seeds, scoop out the flesh. Cut the flesh into  1/2-inch dice. add the tomato, avocado, minced chilies and cilantor to the  onion mixture. Taste for seasoning and add salt, lime juice or minced chili  as needed. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and let the salsa stand for  about 1/2 hour before serving.    Barbecue Sauce (makes 2 cups): Combine all the ingredients in a  heavy-bottomed saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to  low and simmer 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat and put through a fine  strainer. Refrigerate if not using immediately. Sauce will keep in  regfrigerator for up to 4 days.    Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #134 by Judy Howle <howle@ebicom.net> on  Sep 24, 1997