Bargee Rolls (Sephardic Appetizer)
Loaf sliced sandwich bread;, Dried sweet pepper flakes, Liquid from vegetables, Curry paste, Chopped onions (fresh or, Garlic, Mango chutney; drained and, Crumbled dried red chilies, Ground cumin, Yogurt or sour cream, Vegetable oil, Curry powder -or-, Minced coriander leaves, Tomato paste, Oil for frying, Cumin seeds; coarsely, Dried parsley flakes, Garlic salt, Sugar, Cooked mixed vegetables, CHUTNEY DIP, 
From: Ruth Heiges <heiges@post.tau.ac.il>    Date: Sun, 11 Aug 1996 16:00:22 +0300 (IDT)  If you are using canned vegetables (you will need two 1-lb cans), drain the  vegetables and save 2 Tbsp of the liquid. If you are using fresh or frozen  vegetables, save the same amount of liquid (2 Tbsp) in which they have been  cooked.    Soak the sweet pepper flakes and parsley in water until they are soft. Then  drain off any excess liquid.    Heat the oil in a skillet until it is sizzling and add the onions and  garlic and fry until they are golden brown.    Blend the curry powder or paste with the tomato paste. Mix with the 2 Tbsp  vegetable liquid and add to the pan with the onions and garlic. Add the  garlic salt, sugar and cumin. Stir over low fire until the mixture is very  thick and smooth (5-10 minutes).    With a wooden spoon, carefully fold in the drained vegetables. Heat  through. (Served cold, this vegetable curry makes an excellent summer  luncheon course and is enough for 4 servings.)    Cool the vegetable curry. Then place about 1 teaspoon of it along one side  of each bread slice. Use a flat knife such as a butter knife to press the  filling flat. Roll in the filled side of the bread, using fingertips to  secure the roll. Then continue rolling as tightly as possible. This is to  prevent the bread from uncurling during frying.    Fasten the rolls with toothpicks and fry them in hot oil until golden  brown. Drain, cut each roll in half, and serve at once with chutney dip.    The rolls may be frozen before frying by placing them on a cookie sheet in  the freezer. When they have frozen, transfer to a freezer bag or container  for future use.    Chutney Dip: Combine chutney, chilies and yogurt or sour cream. Sprinkle  with minced coriander leaves. Chill.    Memoirs & Menus, Georges Spunt    JEWISH-FOOD digest 313    From the Jewish Food recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.