Pear Empanadas
Salt, Ground cloves, Lard, Egg, Water, Sugar, DOUGH, Iced water, Dried pears, Ground cinnamon, All purpose flour, Unsalted butter, 
In a covered pot, simmer the pears in the water for 30 to 40 minutes, until  soft. Drain and reserve the liquid. When pears are cool, place them in a  blender with just enough reserved liquid to make a thick puree. Heat 1/2  cup of the leftover pear liquid in a saucepan. Stir in 1/2 cup of the sugar  and cook for about 5 minutes, until the sugar begins to caramelize. Add the  pear puree, 1/2 teaspoon of the cinnamon and cloves, stirring well. Remove  from heat and cool. In a small bowl, combine remaining 1/4 cup sugar and  1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Set mixture aside. Prepare dough: In a large bowl,  combine the flour with the lard, butter and salt. Mix lightly with your  fingertips until the dough forms grapesized pieces. You should still be  able to see chunks of fat. Stir in the iced water. Lightly knead, handling  dough as little as possible, until the dough forms a ball. Add a little  more iced water if necessary. Transfer to a plastic bag and shape into a  log. Seal the bag, pressing out any air, and chill 1 hour or as long as 3  days. The dough can be frozen for as long as a week. On a lightly floured  board, roll out dough to 1/8inch thickness and cut 4inch circles. Brush the  edge of each circle with the beaten egg mixture and place 2 tablespoons of  the filling in the center. Fold dough over to enclose filling. Seal the  edges by pressing the top to bottom with the tines of a fork. Chill for at  least 30 minutes before baking. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place  empanadas on a baking sheet and brush the tops with the egg wash. Sprinkle  with cinnamon sugar. With a sharp knife, cut three small slits in the top  of each for steam to escape. Bake for 30 minutes, or until dough is golden.  Transfer to a cooling rack to cool slightly and serve warm with crema or  blue cheese. Yield: 16 empanadas Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P.,  All Rights Reserved 11/8/96 show  Recipe By     : TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW #TH6312    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #287    Date: Fri, 08 Nov 1996 21:17:21 -0600    From: Pat Asher <asher@mcs.com>