Sweet Roasted Beet Salad with Goat Cheese Parfait
Fine sea salt and freshly, Softened goat cheese, WALNUT VINAIGRETTE, (4 ounces) walnuts, lightly, Mesclun greens, Fine sea salt, Beet, scrubbed and cut into, Walnut halves, lightly, Water, Sherry vinegar, Chopped fresh tarragon,, Chopped fresh parsley, Chopped fresh thyme, Imported walnut oil, Walnut Dressing, as needed, Chopped fresh chives, olive oil, Shallots, (1 pound) unpeeled beets,, Black Pepper, olive oil, 
CHEF DU JOUR TERRANCE BRENNAN (Food Channel on tv) SHOW #DJ9394    Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the beets on a jelly roll pan,  toss with the oil, and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until the  beets are tender when pierced with a sharp knife, about 2 hours.  Refrigerate until chilled. Peel the beets and slice into 1/16th-inch  rounds. On 6 dinner plates, arrange overlapping beet slices in a wide  circle. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to  serve.    In a small bowl, mix the goat cheese, blanched tarragon, parsley, chives,  and thyme. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.    To serve, uncover the plates and season the beets with salt and pepper. In  a large bowl, toss the mesclun greens with the walnut vinaigrette to taste.  Place the greens in the center each plate. Top with equal portions of the  goat cheese. Garnish with the julienned beet and walnut halves. Drizzle a  few spoonfuls of walnut vinaigrette around the inside of each plate, and  serve immediately.    Yield: 6 servings    WALNUT VINAIGRETTE: Place all of the ingredients, except the oils, in a  blender and process on high speed. With the machine running, gradually add  the olive and walnut oils until the vinaigrette is emulsified, about 1  minute. Refrigerate until ready to serve. (The vinaigrette can be prepared  up to 1 week in advance, covered and refrigerated.)    Note: To toast walnuts, place the walnuts in a single layer on a baking  sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F. oven, stirring occasionally,  until toasted, 8 to 12 minutes. Cool completely.    Yield: about 2 1/2 cups Posted to FOODWINE Digest 16 Apr 97 by Gretl  Collins <gretl_collins@AGCS.CAS.PSU.EDU> on Apr 17, 1997