Barbecued Chicken
NORMA WRENN, Skinless; boneless chicken, Reduced-sodium ketchup, Breast halves (4 oz each), Black pepper, Dried thyme, Cider vinegar, Dark brown sugar; firm pack, For the sauce:, Ready-made white horseradish, Garlic, 
Preparation time: 10 minutes  Cooking time 15 to 20 minutes    Preheat broiler, heat a charcoal grill until coals form white ash, or  preheat a gas grill to medium.    To prepare sauce, in a small saucepan, combine ketchup, vinegar,  horseradish, brown sugar, garlic, and thyme. Mix well. Bring to a boil over  medium-low heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until thickened, about 5  minutes.  Remove from heat; stir in pepper.    Brush tops of chicken pieces lightly with sauce. Place chicken, sauce-side  down, on a foil-lined broiler pan or grill rack. Brush other sides lightly  with sauce.    Broil or grill 3 inches from heat, basting with remaining sauce and turning  until no longer pink in center, about 5 to 7 minutes per side. Let chicken  stand for 5 minutes before serving.    Short Cut:  When time is short, omit the sauce. Instead, use 1/2 cup of  ready-made reduced-sodium barbecue sauce mixed with a little cider vinegar,  or red-wine vinegar, or white horseradish. Proceed as directed.    Per serving:  Calories 146 (9% from fat) Carbohydrates 5g Protein 26g  Sodium 188mg Fat 1 g Cholesterol 66mg    Cooks Tips:  To prevent foods from sticking to the grill, scrub the grill  rack and spray it with vegetable cooking spray. A special wire brush works  well for scrubbing; it can be found at supermarkets or hardware shops.    Chicken must be seared over a hot grill before turning or the skin will  stick to the grill.  Turn seeral times throughout cooking and baste with  each turn.    While cooking on a grill, use long-handled tongs to turn the chicken  pieces.  A fork would pierce the meat and allow the flavorful juices to  escape.  MM Norma Wrenn    Source:  Healthy Meals in Minutes Promotional card  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V4 #300 by "Deborah K?hnen"  <DEBKUHNEN@classic.msn.com> on Nov 19, 97