Barley Croquettes
Chopped Italian parsley for, Freshly ground pepper to, Water, Shallots or cloves garlic;, Soy sauce or tamari; (I used, Carrot, Water, Kuzu; (or cornstarch), Fresh Lemon Juice, Whole-grain mustard;, Sea salt, Dried basil, SHITAKE MUSHROOM SAUCE, Stalks celery, Bay Leaves, Barley, Dried shitake mushrooms, 
Made this the other day, we liked it! The sauce would be good on other  things as well. Both recipes are from _The Natural Gourmet_ by Annemarie  Colbin.    24 - 30 croquettes    Wash and dice the celery and carrot and place in a pressure cooker (or a 4  quart sauce pan) along with the barley, water , salt, and a few grindings  of pepper, basil, and bay leaves. Bring to pressure (or a boil) over high  heat, then reduce heat to low and pressure cook for 40 minutes (or simmer,  covered, for 1 hour), or until the barley is tender. Wash and chop the  parsley. When barley is finished cooking and the pressure is down, remove  the bay leaves. Place half grain in a food processor and process until well  mixed but not pureed. Combine with the remaining grain in a large bowl and  set aside until cool enough to handle.    Moisten your fingers with water and form barley into 2 1/2 inch round  croquettes or patties. Fry in non stick skillet sprayed very lightly with  cooking spray. Alternatively, brush with oil and place on oiled baking  sheets and bake for 1 hour, or until lightly browned. Serve hot with  Shitake Mushroom sauce, garnished with chopped parsley.  Shitake Mushroom Sauce - 2 cups:    Place mushrooms in small bowl. Bring 1 cup water to boil, pour over the  mushrooms and set aside to soak until soft, about 30 minutes. Drain  mushrooms and press out excess liquid, reserving the soaking water. Cut off  tough stems and discard. Slice mushrooms into thin strips. Place 2 - 3  tablespoons soaking water in a small saucepan along with the shallots or  garlic and 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce. Simmer, stirring until the  shallots are tender, about 3 - 5 minutes, adding more liquid if necessary.  Add the mushrooms and simmer for 1 minute more. Add the remaining soaking  water, 1 1/4 cups additional water, the soy sauce and lemon juice.    Dissolve the kuzu or cornstarch in remaining 1 cup water. Bring sauce to a  simmer, add the kuzu and cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is  thickened and translucent. Add mustard if you wish. Serve hot.  Posted to fatfree digest by "Jan Gordon" <jan@gordon.com> on May 16, 1998