Sweet and Sour Pork (Tiem Shuen Gee Yok)
Sugar, Black pepper, Water, Carrot, Water, Oil for deep frying, Pork fillet, Chinese dried mushrooms, Soy sauce, White vinegar, Dried chili pepper, Vegetable oil, Salt, Garlic, Rice Wine, Soy sauce, Green pepper, Cornstarch, Cornstarch, Canned pineapple, 
PREPARATION:    Cut pork into 3/4-inch cubes.  Mix the sherry and 1 tablespoon soy sauce  together, and add to the pork. With your fingers rub the mixture into meat.  Still using your fingers, roll the cubes in about 1/2 cup cornstarch until  thoroughly dredged but not too thickly covered. (The fineness of the end  result of this recipe depends on the meats being crisp -- never soggy.)  Cut the carrot on the diagonal into 1/4-inch slices. Cut the green pepper  in half; remove seeds and cut into 1-inch squares. Cut the pineapple slices  into 1/2-inch wedges. Wash the Chinese mushrooms and soak in warm water for  30 minutes.  Drain, remove stems. Cut into 1/2-inch strips. Smash, peel,  and mince garlic. Combine garlic, carrots, green pepper, pineapple, and  mushrooms.  Combine vinegar, 1/2 cup water, black pepper, 1 tablespoon soy  sauce, salt, sugar, and chili pepper. In a cup, mix 1 tablespoon cornstarch  with 1 tablespoon water.    COOKING:    Heat oil in deep fry pan to 375-degrees.  Cook pork cubes a few at a time  until very light brown, about 5 minutes. Stir with a chopstick occasionally  so that the cubes do not touch each other. Drain on paper towels, and keep  hot in low oven (200-degrees). Repeat this process, cooking pork in hot oil  until cubes float and are golden brown -- 2 to 3 minutes. (This double  cooking insures that the meat will be crisp.) Heat the water-vinegar  mixture in small saucepan. In a medium-sized skillet or wok, heat 2  tablespoons of oil at high heat.  Add vegetable-pineapple mixture and  stir-fry for 4 minutes. Add the hot water-vinegar mixture to the vegetables  and stir well.  Add the cornstarch mixture, and cook and stir until  thickened, about 1 minute. Pour sauce over pork cubes and mix.    SOURCE: ORIENTAL COOKING by Schryver    