Basic Focaccia (Ultimate)
Active dry yeast, Black Pepper, Salt, Bread flour, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, BASIC FOCACCIA TOPPING, Sugar, Water, Coarse salt, Water, olive oil, 
Machine Procedure (For a 2-cup capacity bread machine): All ingredients  must be at room temperature, unless otherwise noted. Add ingredients,  except toppings, in the order specified in your bread machine owners  manual. Set bread machine on dough/manual setting. At the end of the  program, press clear/stop. To punch dough down, press start and let knead  for 60 seconds. Press clear/stop again. Remove dough and let rest 5 minutes  before hand-shaping.    If your bread machine does not have a dough/manual setting, follow normal  bread making procedure, but let dough knead only once. At the end of the  kneading cycle, press clear/stop. Let dough rise for 60 minutes, checking  after the first 30 minutes to make sure dough does not overrise and touch  lid. Press start and let machine run for 60 seconds to punch dough down.  Press clear/stop again. Remove dough and let rest 5 minutes before  hand-shaping.    Hand-Shaping Technique: Sprinkle hands with flour. With fingertips, spread  dough evenly into a 13- X 9- X 1-inch lightly oiled baking pan. Cover with  a clean kitchen cloth. Let rise until doubled in height, about 30 to 60  minutes.    Preheat oven to 400F. Make light indentations with your fingertips in the  surface of the risen dough. Brush with extra-virgin olive oil and sprinkle  with coarse salt and black pepper. Bake on bottom rack of oven for  approximately 30 to 35 minutes, or until golden brown. Let cool in pan. Cut  into twelve equal pieces and serve at room temperature.    Recipe from The Ultimate Bread Machine Cookbook by Tom Lacalamita.  Copyright (c) 1993 by Thomas N. Lacalamita. Reprinted by permission of  Simon & Schuster, Inc.    NOTES : This recipe was found on the Web Ketchum Kitchen at www.recipe.com    Date: Sun, 23 Jun 1996 13:57:05 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>    MC-Recipe Digest V1 #126    From the MasterCook recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.