Sweet and Sour Fish Fillet And Eggplant
Source : From my mother with, 
FIRST STEP: 1 1/2 to 2 pound white fish fillet cut in medium sizes, like,  Nile Perch, Hake, Halibut or Tuna. If it is frozen, Defrost it 2 Tabls soy  sauce 3 Tabls Lemon Juice SECOND STEP: 4 Tabls Full tomatoes paste, The one  I use is 28 - 30 Bx 3 Tabls Full Ketcup 1 Tabl Full Brown sugar      1/8    Teas Salt 1 Tabl Soy sauce 2 tabls Viniger 2 Tabls Crushed  garlic ( about 3 big cloves) 4 to 5 Cups Water THIRD STEP: 1 Eggplant,  Peeled and cut in rounds about 1 inch thick 1 Egg, plus 1 Tabl water ,  Whisk it well. Flour for dipping fish fillet Oil for frying    This dish I prepared to day. I was left over with 1 big eggplant. It was  not enough for the dish I have wanted to prepare, So I have had a wouderful  idea ,and I created this dish. I do recommend it with all my heart.    The Sweet & Sour Tomatoes sauce is a very old recipe of mine I prepare it  when I do my Eggplant Sweet & Sour. So, here you have 2 recipes in one.    First Step: Put fish in a dish,Cover with lemon and soy sauce and leave it  in refrigerator for later use.    Second step (Sweet & Sour Tomatoes Sauce): Put all the ingredients - But -  the water in a saucepan that hold one layer of the fish, ( If you do not  have one so try and put fish not completely on top of each other.) Mix over  moderate fire and add a little water about 1 cup. Slowly add more water,  Stir till you have a nice creamy like sauce, not too watery, Bring to a  boil,Taste. Cover, and simmer a least 15 minutes before you prepare fish.    3rd step.NOTE At this stage you can prepare only the eggplant with out the  fish and serve it cold with any main dishes.Keeps very well in  refrigerator, But you will need 3 big eggplants.    Drain fish fillet, Dip in flour, Shake to access flour. Put oil in frying  pan and fry fish on both sides to a nice gold colour. Transfer immediately  to the Simmering sauce, Cover and continue to simmer.    Clean frying pan, Put new oil and heat oil again. Be careful not to burn  oil.    Dip eggplant in washed egg and fry on both sides. Put on paper towel to  observe oil.    Arrange the eggplants over fish .Shake saucepan so that sauce will cover  eggplant.Cover and continue to simmer for another       20    minutes.    Be careful not to cook on high fire at all time.    Cool slightly and serve with Potatoes puree, or cooked rice.    It is a long story to a very easy preparation.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #324 by Zvi&Rina perry  <pzvi@netvision.net.il> on