Basic Cheesecake Filling
Liqueur, Vanilla, cream cheese, other flavored, Powdered sugar, Eggs, Yogurt, 
Heres where it gets fun.  The more cream cheese you use, the denser the  cheesecake will be (but not dry!)  The more eggs you use, the fluffier it  will be.  Theres a delicate balance here - 1 lb cheese and 3 eggs will  give you a fluffy cheesecake, but if you use 2 lbs cheese, 3 eggs is an  absolute must if you dont want it to be flat. More eggs than 3, and youll  taste the eggs.  1 lb cheese and 2 eggs is a nice balance, too, but going  any lower than that youll just end up with something flat.    The powdered sugar works best for two reasons - number one, powdered sugar  contains corn starch, which acts as a thickener, and number two, you dont  have to worry about the grittiness of undissolved sugar in your cake. The  yogurt or sour cream adds moistness and a little bit of tang to the cake.  Its not necessary, but it adds oomph to either a bland cake or a  citrus-flavored cake.  For liqueur, add no more than 1/2 cup if youre  using the yogurt or sour cream, and make sure youre using the three eggs.  If you eliminate the yogurt/sour cream, you can increase the liqueur to 3/4  cup, and 2 eggs will work (but three is still better - two works best only  if youre not using the yogurt/sour cream >and< your liqueur is only 1/2  cup.)  A fruit or vegetable puree should be relatively dry - drain off the  liquid in a sieve, or put it in a saucepan, mix in some cornstarch, and  heat it until its thick. You can use an entire cup of puree if you  eliminate the yogurt/sour cream. Either mix in the puree with the batter,  or reserve a cup or so of batter, mix it with the puree, then swirl it into  the cheesecake.    The vanilla is a must, in my opinion.  Lots of times, Ill throw in an  extra teaspoon for good measure.  Other extracts can enhance the flavor -  banana extract in a strawberry cheesecake, coconut extract or almond  extract in an Amaretto cheesecake, etc.    Another addition would be cocoa or chocolate.  Cocoa mixes in nicely  without making the cheesecake gooey - 4-6 Tbsp will do it.  Melted  chocolate or white chocolate chips shouldnt really exceed 6 oz, even 4 oz  will usually do enough for the flavor.  If youre doing the swirl thing,  use only 2-3 oz melted chocolate for the batter thats being swirled in.  Make sure the melted stuff is cooled before you mix it in.    (see also Basic Cheesecake Crust and Basic Cheesecake Method & Toppings)    * The Polka Dot Palace BBS 1-201-822-3627.  Posted by FAYLEN    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #703 by Lisa Clarke <lisa@gaf.com> on Aug 1,  9