Sushi rice Pt 1
Sushi vinegar, water, Cold water, Short-grain rice, 
>From: The Sushi Chef page: http://www.fairstreet.com/sushi/default.htm    While this is a commercial page, they do have recipes for a few things. One  of them happens to be sushi rice. While this particular recipe is far more  detailed than most Ive seen, the basic idea is the same. However, I want  to point out that Sushi rice is NOT just plain common white rice. It is  seasoned with Sushi vinegar and it is a short grained rice. Anyway, here  are the instructions as per the Sushi Chefs page:    This flavorful sticky style of rice does not fluff like long grain, but  sticks, making it ideal for use with chopsticks.    Besides being the most important of Japanese foods (the word rice and meal  are the same in Japanese), this type of rice is also very good for use in  risotto and rice pudding.    Sushi rice takes a bit of time and care to prepare, but it can be done  ahead of time and left covered with a damp cloth. REMEMBER: Do not  refrigerate cooked sushi rice, for chilled rice wont stick together.    This recipe will yield 5 cups of sushi rice-    Enough to fill 10 cucumber rolls, or 6 California rolls, or 6 California  rolls, or 40 finger rolls. Each recipe gives specific amounts of sushi rice  required.    Warning: Raw short grain rice expands two and a half times its original  size when cooked, and it is very common to cook far too much rice. As it  cannot be used the next day, it seems wise to check the recipe for the  exact amount needed.    INGREDIENTS    * medium-sized bowl and larger strainer * medium-sized heavy saucepan or  electric rice cooker * clean towel * bamboo paddle * large ceramic, wooden  or plastic platter    Washing the Rice:    Soak rice in a bowl of cold water. Stir the rice around in the bowl with  your hands. After the water becomes cloudy, strain the rice by pouring the  water and rice mixture into the strainer, letting the waste flow into the  sink.    Put the rice back into the bowl, add fresh cold water and repeat the  process. Keep "washing" the rice until the water is no longer cloudy,  approximately 5 minutes.    Leave the "washed" rice in the strainer and let it sit draining for 30 to       60    minutes.    Cooking the Rice:    If you have an electric rice cooker, follow the instructions that  accompanied it.    If not, place the washed rice in a heavy medium-sized pot. Add the water.  Cover tightly Do not lift the lid at any time until the rice is finished  cooking, or the steam will escape and it will not cook properly.    The following instructions are for use on a gas range. To prevent  overcooking on an electric range, change the heating temperatures by  switching burners, rather than adjusting the heat of the same burner.    If you are changing the amount of rice being cooked, it is very important  that you change the size of the saucepan (one cup of rice should be cooked  in a small pan). Also, if you are not using a heavy saucepan, reduce the  cooking times by watching for the signs of rice steaming, boiling (lid  jiggling) and rice drying (crackling sound)    * Place over medium high heat until the rice steams (approx. 10 minutes).    * Turn the heat to high and cook for 2 minutes. You may have noticed a  white foam around the lid and the lid jiggling up and down.    * Reduce the heat to medium and cook another 5 minutes until the foam stops  and you hear a crackling sound.    * Turn off the heat, and let stand uncovered another 15 minutes, as the  rice steams.    * Remove the cover and fluff the rice with the bamboo paddle.    * Wrap the cover in a cloth towel and return cover to pot. Let it stand    continued in part 2