Suzannes Pumpkin Chiffon Pie
Egg yolks, Egg whites, Nutmeg, Pecan halves, Butter, Salt, Vanilla wafers, pecans, Ginger, Pure vanilla extract, Light brown sugar, Bourbon, Sugar, Egg nog, fresh pumpkin, Cinnamon, Unflavored gelatin, Heavy cream, 
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.    In a food processor, combine the vanilla wafers, 1/4 cup of the sugar, and  pecan pieces. Mix until the crust is smooth and resembles a coarse texture.  With the machine running, add the butter and process until all of the  butter is incorporated. Remove the crust from the processor and press into  a deep-dish 10-inch pie pan. Place the pan in the oven and bake for 10 to  12 minutes or until the crust is set.    In a saucepan, combine the egg nog, pumpkin, brown sugar, egg yolks,  cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and ginger together. Mix well. Place the pan over  medium heat and cook the mixture for 10 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove the pan from the heat and sprinkle the gelatin over the filling.  Whisk the gelatin into the filling until the gelatin dissolves. Stir in the  vanilla. Cover the filling and refrigerate until cool.    Using an electric mixer, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form.  Gradually add 1/4 cup of the sugar and continue to beat until the peaks are  stiff. Fold the egg whites into the pumpkin filling. Spread the filling  evenly over the crust and refrigerate the pie for about 1 hour.    Using an electric mixer, beat the heavy cream and remaining sugar until the  cream is whipped and medium peaks have formed. Fold in the bourbon. Spread  the whipped cream, evenly over the top of the pie. Garnish the top of the  pie with the pecan halves.    this recipe yields one 10-inch pie.    Recipe Source: EMERIL LIVE with Emeril Lagasse From the TV FOOD NETWORK -  (Show # EM-1A78 broadcast 11-21-1997) Downloaded from their Web-Site -  http://www.foodtv.com    Formatted for MasterCook by Joe Comiskey, aka MR MAD - jpmd44a@prodigy.com  ~or- MAD-SQUAD@prodigy.net    11-30-1997    Recipe by: Emeril Lagasse