Sweet and Sour Pork (Goo Lo Yuke)
Pork butt cut into 1-inch, Salt, Canned lichee, Pineapple chunks, SAUCE MIXTURE, Brown sugar, MEAT MARINADE, Cornstarch, Water, Green pepper, cut into 1/2, Maraschino cherries, Sherry, Pineapple juice, Kikkoman soy sauce, Flour, Cornstarch, Onion, cut into wedges, Vinegar, Catsup, 
Had a house guest last week++an old friend who likes my Chinese  cooking, but tends to prefer the tamer stuff++you know, things  without tentacles or feet.  So I whipped up a batch of this  excellent, quick and easy sweet and sour pork.  Its a long time  favorite that I havent cooked for a some time.  Been too busy with  Thai and Vietnamese food to make it. It was just as excellent as I  remember it being and I actually improved on it with a couple of  substitutions.    I used 1/2 cup palm sugar instead of 1/2 cup brown sugar.  Palm sugar  has a rich, complex and addicting taste while being a little less  cloyingly sweet than regular sugars.  It gives a taste thats  "exotic" without being obvious.  Where the recipe calls for 3/4 cup  pineapple juice I used 3/4 cup of the juice from some brandied  peaches I made.  I made em months ago and froze the leftover juice  specifically to use in a sweet and sour dish. (This is a good thing  to do with any sweet fruity type juice.)    I left out the maraschino cherries++bleechhhhh!++and substituted a  red bell pepper for the color contrast.  The only thing even faintly  exotic in the recipe is the canned lichees (also a good juice to save  for sweet and sour stuff) and that can be omitted if you cant find  them++or use canned apricots or whatever instead.  You could also use  longans or rambutans, which are close relatives of lichee, quite  successfully.    Yield: 6 servings    PREPARATION:  Drain fruits, prepare sauce mixture.  Marinate pork in  meat marinade for 1/2 hour.    COOKING:  Deep fry pork cubes in a wok for about 3 to 4 minutes until  golden brown.  Drain.  Pour all the oil back into the bottle.  Add  sauce mixture into wok and stir until thickened.  Add green pepper  and onions and cook for 2 minutes.  Add pork cubes and stir until  heated through. Add fruits and stir until theyre coated with the  sauce.    DO-AHEAD NOTES:  Cook through making the sauce.  Just before serving,  add pork, vegetables and fruit according to directions.    From "The Chinese Village Cookbook." A practical guide to Cantonese  country cooking.  Rhoda Yee, Yerba Buena Press, San Francisco.  1975.  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; March 11 1991.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip