Swedish Christmas Sausage (Korv)
Ground pepper; (seasoned, Bay leaves; chopped, Powdered cloves, Mashed potatoes; (not, Crisco, Onions; finely chopped, Beef or pork stock or 2 1/2, Salt, Lean beef -and-, Water, Lean pork; ground together, Oregano, Salt, Yards hog casings, Ground allspice, Water, 
Items Needed Before Beginning: kitchen grinder with spout or sausage  machine scissors heavy thread or light twine    Get hog casings from your butcher. You may need to order them ahead of  time. Pick up casings the day before you make the sausage and soak them  overnight in a mild salt brine in your refrigerator. Rinse with cold water  before using. Make mashed potatoes (packaged are fine). Chop onions finely  and saute in a little Crisco. Do not let brown. Cool. Mix very thoroughly  meat, mashed potatoes, onions, allspice, salt, pepper, bay leaves, oregano,  powdered cloves and stock. Put a little vegetable oil on spout of grinder  or sausage machine. Fry a pinch of mixture in Crisco to test the flavor.  Add more seasonings if you need them. Flavor of allspice is important but  should be subtle. Mixture should be light. Add more stock if needed. Rinse  casings in cold water and cut into 16-inch pieces (approximately). Tie one  end of each section. Fill grinder or sausage machine with meat mixture.  Ease end of casing (about 2 inches) onto spout. Turn handle slowly. Stop  turning 1 1/2 inches from end of casing. Dont pack sausage casing too  tightly. Remove from spout and tie second end. Put in Baggies and freeze or  refrigerate in a mild salt brine with Saltpeter, not more than 4 or 5 days.  To cook, defrost and set oven at 250 degrees. In an open shallow pan, put 2  tablespoons of Crisco and 1/2 cup water (or just 1/2 cup water). Place  sausages in pan and cook for 45 minutes. Turn once to brown evenly. At the  end of 45 minutes, if not completely browned, turn heat to 350 degrees, but  watch sausages so as not to burn them. For dinner, cut in 1 1/2-inch  pieces. Serve warm. A side dish of cranberries goes well. They are great as  one dish for a buffet. For hors doeuvres, cut in 1/2-inch pieces and serve  warm, using cocktail picks.    Variations: You may use all pork with the mashed potatoes. You may use 4  pounds of ground beef and 2 pounds of pork, ground together. Instead of  mashed potatoes, take 2 cups of barley and stir in hot water. Cook as you  would a hot cereal until tender (about 30 minutes). Let cool before adding  to meat. These sausages are delicious and ready for company. Note: My  husband, our children, Grandmother Jones, who started it all, and I have  fun early in December preparing these for the holidays.  Posted to recipelu-digest by "Diane Geary." <diane@keyway.net> on Feb 4,  1998