Basic Stir-Fried Shrimp #2
Vegetable oil, Garlic, Soy sauce, Sherry, Fresh ginger root, Salt, Vegetables, Scallion stalk, Shrimp, Salt, Cornstarch, Vegetable stock, Vegetable oil, 
1. Shell and devein shrimp. Slice or dice vegetables. Cut scallion in  1/2-inch sections . Mince ginger root. Crush garlic.    2. Blend cornstarch, soy sauce and sherry to a paste.    3. Heat oil. Add salt, then scallion and ginger root; stir-fry a few times.  Add shrimp and stir-fry until pink (about 3 minutes). Remove ingredients  from pan.    4. Heat remaining oil. Add remaining salt, then garlic, and stir-fry a few  times.  Add vegetables; stir-fry to coat with oil.    5. Stir in stock and heat quickly. Then cook, covered, over medium heat,  until nearly done.    6. Return shrimp, stir-frying to reheat and blend flavors (about 1 minute  more).    7. Stir in cornstarch paste to thicken. Serve at once.    NOTE: Any vegetable can be used. (See "Cooking Instructions for Vegetables"  for details on cooking time.) For suggested combinations, see "Stir-Fried  Shrimp Vegetable Combinations". VARIATIONS:    1. In step 1, sprinkle the shrimp with 1-1/2 tablespoons sherry and let  stand 5 minutes, turning several times.    2. For the cornstarch paste in step 2, substitute any of the following and  add in step 7:     a. 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons cold water, 2 teaspoons soy  sauce     b. 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon  soy sauce and 3 tablespoons cold stock     c. 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons soy  sauce, 3 tablespoons cold water and 2 slices fresh ginger root, minced     d. 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sherry, 3  tablespoons stock and 1 or 2 slices fresh ginger root, minced.    3. After adding the shrimp in step 3, stir-fry only 1/2 minute, then  sprinkle with 1 more tablespoon sherry and stir-fry until pink.    From <The Thousand Recipe Chinese Cookbook>, ISBN 0-517-65870-4. Downloaded  from G Internet, G Internet.