Basic Fondue
Emmental and Gruyere cheese;, Kirsch, Pepper, Dry white wine, Sliced French bread;, cubed, Cornstarch, Garlic, Grind fresh nutmeg, 
The above measurements are for one person. Multiply by your number of  guests.    In Switzerland, fondue is usually prepared in a "caquelon," and earthenware  dish with a handle, glazed inside. If you do not have a fondue pot with  stand and Sterno heat source, use an enameled saucepan, or not-too-shallow  fire proof dish. Rub the inside of the pan with half a cut clove of garlic  and let it dry until the rubbed places feel tacky. Put the wine in the dish  and bring it to a boil. Slowly start adding cheese to the boiling wine,  stirring constantly until each bit is dissolved before adding the next.  When all the cheese is in, reduce heat. In a small dish, combine the Kirsh  and cornstarch, stirring well; add to the cheese mixture and keep stirring  over heat until the mixture comes to a boil again. Add freshly ground  pepper and nutmeg to taste. Remove the dish to the stand and light Sterno.  The fondue should remain bubbling slowly. Provide each guest with a fondue  fork or bamboo skewer. Guests then proceed to spear a bread cube and stir  it around in the cheese and then eat it.    NOTES : The old custom is that, if you are a male and you lose the cube in  the dish, you must buy a round of drinks for the table; if female, you must  kiss everybody. Other lore: Do not drink water with fondue; it reacts  unkindly in your stomach with the cheese and bread. Dry white wine and tea  are the usual accompaniments. Another tradition: the "coupe dmidi" or  "shot in the middle", for when you get full. A thimbleful of Kirsch,  knocked straight back in the middle of the meal usually produces more room  if youre feeling too full. The crusty bit that forms at the bottom of the  pot as the cheese keeps cooking is called the "crouton" and is very nice  peeled off and divvied up among the guests as a sort of farewell to dinner.  Recipe by: NAWK/Internet    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #859 by "Crane C. Walden"  <cranew@foothill.net> on Oct 22, 97