Swedish Rye Bread
Water, Anise Seed; crushed, Dark molasses, Salt, Vegetable oil, Dry yeast; (2 pkg), Rye flour; approx, Brown sugar, milk, White flour; approx, Granulated sugar, 
BREAD-RYE - A sweet, dark whole-grain rye bread    This recipe comes from my great-grandmother, who emigrated from Sweden and  brought this recipe with her.  It makes a sweet, dark bread, and (like most  whole-grain breads) it tends to be a bit heavy.    (Makes 3 loaves)    PROCEDURE (1) Scald the milk and combine it with the water and brown sugar  in a very large bowl. (You need something that holds at least 4 or 5  quarts.) When the mixture is lukewarm, dissolve the yeast in it, then stir  in 2 cups rye flour and 1 cup white flour to make a paste.    (2)  Let the mixture rise in a warm place until it is light and foamy. This  usually takes about 30 minutes to an hour.  Check it frequently-it can  really make a mess if it rises enough to overflow the bowl. (Im sure they  could    make a great horror movie about a gigantic blob of bread dough that keeps  getting bigger and bigger as it consumes everything in its path....)    (3)  Stir in the granulated sugar, oil, molasses, anise seed and salt, and    enough flour to make a stiff dough, using 2 parts rye to 1 part white.  Knead the dough for about 5 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic,  adding more flour to keep it from sticking to your hands.    (4)  Clean and grease the bowl.  Put the dough in the bowl, turning it to  grease all sides. Cover the bowl loosely with a clean towel and let the  dough rise until its doubled in bulk. Punch it down and let rise until  double again.  (5)  Divide the dough into three loaves and put in greased pans.  (I  usually make round loaves and bake them on cookie sheets.) Cover with the  towel and let rise until double again.    (6)  Bake for about 45 minutes at 350 deg. F.  Because of the high sugar  content, this bread can burn rather easily; watch it closely so it doesnt  get too dark.    NOTES Rye flour can be a little hard to find these days. You may have to  visit a store that specializes in natural foods. Avoid the kind that is  very coarsely ground with big chunks of bran in it, though; this doesnt  seem to have any gluten at all in it, and since the proportion of rye flour  is so high in this recipe, the texture of the bread will come out all  wrong.  You need something that looks more like ordinary flour.    RATING Difficulty: moderate. Time: 30 minutes preparation, several hours  rising, 1 hour baking and cooling.  Precision: measure the ingredients.    CONTRIBUTOR Sandra Loosemore Evans & Sutherland Computer Corporation, Salt  Lake City {decwrl, utah-gr!uplherc}!esunix!loosemor    USENET Cookbook Printed 2/27/91 21 May 86 1    >From: Richard Bisbey <BISBEY@ISI.EDU>  From: Bread-Bakers Archives: ftp.best.com/pub/reggie/archives/bread/recipe