Swedish Limpa Rye
EACH sugar and molasses, Salt, Warm water (105-115, Medium rye flour, Shortening, EACH cumin and fennel,, Dry yeast, Oranges, Grated rind of, Raisins, light or dark, All-purpose or bread flour,, 
>From "The Complete Book of Breads", by Bernard Clayton, Jr. published by  Simon and Shuster, first edition, page 203.    [two large round loaves]    This is one of the authors favorite loaves from among a dozen limpa  recipes in his files. It has the chili-like flavor of crushed cumin seed,  the unmistakable fragrance of fennel, and the pleasant goodness of orange.  Studded with raisins, the loaf rises up to become a handsome brown ball. It  sends forth a good aroma when toasted and buttered.    BAKING SHEET: One baking sheet, greased or teflon    PREPARATION: In a large bowl or cup dissolve yeast in water. Stir briskly  20 mins. with a fork or whip. Let it stand 5 minutes to begin its  fermentation.    With a large wooden spoon stir all of the rye flour, sugar, molasses,  cummin, fennel, orange rind, raisins, and about 1.5 cups of white flour  into the bowl. Beat until smooth-- about 100 strokes.    Add 1 cup flour, stir, and beat in the shortening and salt. By hand add  more flour, a little at a time, until the dough cleans the sides of the  bowl and is stiff. If a raisin works its way out, push it back into the  dough. The slight discoloration that sometimes comes with working fruit  into white dough will not be noticed in this dark loaf.    KNEADING: Turn dough out onto a lightly floured board or counter top. 10  mins. Since this will be a slightly sticky dough, it may help to grease the  fingers beore beginning. Knead until the dough is smooth and no longer  sticky.    FIRST RISING: Put the dough into the large bowl (which has been washed 50  mins. and greased), cover tightly with plastic wrap and leave in a warm  place (80-85 f) until it doubles in bulk. You can test if it has risen by  poking a finger in it; the dent will remain.    SHAPING: Punch down dough with quick jabs of the fist and fingers. 15 mins.  Turn it over; let rest for 10 minutes. Turn the dough onto the board, knead  briefly to press out the air. With a sharp knife, cut into two pieces. Pat  and roll the dough into round balls. Place on opposite corners of the  baking sheet. Flatten slightly.    SECOND RISING: Cover the dough with wax paper or foil and return to the  warm 45 mins. place until doubled in volume. You can test if it has risen  by poking a finger in it; the dent will remain.    BAKING: Preheat the oven to 375f. With a razor blade or sharp knife, 375f  slash a cross on top of each loaf. Bake in the oven. When the 45 mins.  loaves are crusty and tapping the bottom crust yields a hard and hollow  sound, they are done. If not, return to oven for an additional 10 minutes.  If the loaves appear to be browning too quickly, cover with a piece of foil  or brown sack paper.    FINAL STEP; Remove from oven and place the loaves on a wire cooling rack.  This limpa makes exceptionally good toast. The loaf freezes well. Posted to  Digest bread-bakers.v097.n029 by Fred Smith <fredex@fcshome.stoneham.ma.us>  on Apr 6, 1997