Basil Cheese Torta with Red Bell Pepper Strips and Pine Nuts
Butter, peeled, seeded, and, Fresh basil for garnish, Toasted pine nuts, Basil pesto, cut into 3" x 3/8" strips, Cream cheese, Red bell pepper; roasted,, Provolone, thinly sliced, (packed in olive oil), Jar sun-dried tomatoes, 
Mix cream cheese and butter with a fork; add pesto and mix well.      Line  a small (3-cup) loaf pan or bowl with plastic wrap, leaving several inches  of overhang on each side.  Make a thin layer of provolone slices on   the  bottom and partially up the sides.  Spread 1/3 of the pesto mixture   over  the cheese; artistically arrange 2 or 3 sun-dried tomatoes, 4-6 bell pepper  strips, and about 1 tablespoon toasted pine nuts over the pesto. Repeat  layers until all ingredients are used (reserving some of the pine nuts to  sprinkle on top), pressing down well between layers.  Chill overnight or  for several days.  Serve at room temperature on a platter wreathed with  fresh basil sprigs.  Additional toasted pine nuts, sun-dried tomatoes cut  into flowers, red bell pepper strips, and fresh basil sprigs may be used as  garnish.      NOTE: Torta may be presented inverted or not. Keeps several  weeks   refrigerated.  Although best served at room temperature, it slices  best   chilled.  I like to serve it on a platter adorned with grape leaves  and   small clusters of red and white grapes. VARIATIONS: = =  =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D Use lemon pesto; substitute slivered toasted  almonds for the pine nuts; omit the sun-dried tomatoes and add 1 teaspoon  lemon zest to the cream cheese mixture.      Use purple pesto; omit the red  pepper if desired and increase the sun-dried   tomatoes.      Use cinnamon  basil pesto; omit the sun-dried tomatoes and the red peppers   if desired,  and use pecans instead of pine nuts.      Source: The Herb Garden Cookbook,  by Lucinda Hutson Typed for you by Karen   Mintzias    Recipe By     :=20    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #221    Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 11:58:11 -0400    From: kmeade@IDS2.IDSONLINE.COM (The Meades)