Basic Pasta Pt 1/2
Lightly packed basil leaves, Water, Unbleached all-purpose flour, Fresh carrot puree or juice, Eggs, Unbleached all-purpose flour, Slivered shallots or red, Lightly packed spinach, Unbleached all-purpose flour, GREMOLATA PASTA, Eggs, 1-2 cups seeded and diced, Unbleached all-purpose flour, Durum Semolina Flour, Unbleached all-purpose flour, Finely minced fresh parsley, Fresh Gremolata Pasta, cut, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Roasted garlic, SPINACHBASIL PASTA, Finely grated lemon zest, Dry white wine, CARROTSAGE PASTA, Crumbled saffron threads, Eggs, Minced fresh sage, Eggs, Eggs, Finely minced garlic, Water As Needed, SAFFRONWHITE WINE PASTA, FETTUCCINE W/TOMATOES, 
FOOD PROCESSOR METHOD: Place the flour in the bowl of the food processor.  With the motor running, add the eggs, one at a time. Continue processing  for 10 seconds after the last egg has been added. Add drops of water if the  dough seems too dry. Turn out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead  for 6 to 8 minutes or until the dough is smooth and satiny and springs back  when pressed with a finger.    HAND MIX METHOD: Place the flour in a mound on a clean work surface. Form a  well in the center and break the eggs into the well. Mix the eggs with a  fork. Pulling from the sides of the well, gradually incorporate the flour  into the eggs. Continue to mix until the dough forms a ball, adding drops  of water as necessary. Begin kneading the dough, pushing the dough with the  heel of your hand. Knead until soft and satiny. Most important, the dough  should spring back when poked with your finger. This will take 10 to 15  minutes of continuous kneading.    Divide the dough into 4 pieces, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for  at least 45 minutes. The dough may also be frozen at this point, thaw in  the refrigerator before proceeding.    Yield: approximately 1 pound of pasta, serving 4    SPINACH-BASIL PASTA: Roll out by hand or with a hand-cranked pasta machine,  according to themanufacturers directions.    In a saucepan of lightly salted boiling water, blanch the spinach and basil  5 seconds. Remove and immediately plunge into ice water to set the color.  Drain, pat dry, and then squeeze in a towel to remove any excess liquid.  Chop very fine and add as the eggs are incorporated into the flour. Proceed  as directed above.    CARROT-SAGE PASTA: Add the carrot puree or juice and minced sage to the  eggs as they are incorporated into the flour. Proceed as directed above.    GREMOLATA PASTAL Add the zest, garlic, and parsley to the eggs as they are  incorporated into the flour. Proceed as directed above.    SAFFRON-WHITE WINE PASTA: In a small saucepan, combine the wine, water, and  saffron. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and let cool. Add the  mixture to the eggs as they are incorporated into the flour mixture.  Proceed as directed above.    FETTUCCINE WITH FRESH AND SUN-DRIED TOMATOES: Cook the pasta in lightly  salted boiling water until just al dente, about 3 to 4 minutes if fresh.  Drain and immediately run cold water over to stop the cooking. Drain again  and toss with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil to prevent the pasta from  sticking. Warm the remaining olive oil in a pan, add the shallots and  garlic, and saute for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Combine the  oil, shallots, and garlic with the remaining ingredients, except the  cheese. Season with salt and pepper and toss with the pasta. Serve in  bowls, sprinkled with freshly grated cheese, a drizzle of basil oil around,  and a basil sprig.  continued in part 2