Sweet Challah for Rosh Hashana
Jumbo eggs at room, Raisins, More flour as needed, Coarse or Kosher salt, More oil to grease pans, Plus, Granulated sugar, Active dried yeast, Unbleached white bread, Peanut oil; plus, Honey; divided, Poppy seeds, Egg yolk, Lukewarm water, Plus, 
Date: Tue, 13 Feb 96 20:12:58 EST    submitted by: PoohBearMe@aol.com  Dissolve 1/4 teaspoon sugar in the lukewarm water. Stir in yeast; set aside  in a draft-free place to proof (about 10 minutes).    Mix together 10 cups flour, salt and the remaining 1/2 cup sugar in a bowl  by hand or in a food processor equipped with a dough blade. If mixing by  hand, make a well in the center of the flour mixture. Add 4 beaten eggs,  1/2 cup oil, 1/2 cup honey and the proofed yeast mixture to bowl or to food  processor container.    Mix and knead by hand or with dough blade in food processor, adding  additional flour until dough forms a sticky ball and pulls away from the  sides.    Place dough on a floured board; continue to knead by hand, adding flour as  you work if necessary. Dough should be blistered from kneading and feel  moist and slightly sticky, but it should not stick to the board or your  fingers. Be careful not to add too much flour (which many cooks have a  tendency to do in order to get rid of the sticky feeling), or you will  end up with a bread that is too heavy in texture.    When kneading is completed, place dough into an oiled bowl; cover with a  damp kitchen cloth. Set aside in a draft-free place to rise 2 1/2 to 3  hours, until doubled in bulk.    To be certain that the first rising is finished, test dough by pushing it  in with your finger. If it does not spring back, it is ready for its second  kneading. Punch dough down; sprinkle with raisins. Knead in raisins. When  kneading is completed, dough should feel similar to the way it felt at the  end of the first kneading.    Place dough in an oiled pan and cover with damp cloth; set aside in a  draft-free spot to rise again for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until doubled in bulk.    Divide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Divide each of the 4 pieces into 3  pieces of equal size. Using the palms of your hands and a bread board, roll  each piece of dough into a rope at least 24 inches long. The ends of each  rope should be thinner than the center. To make each loaf, pinch three  strands together at one end, then braid the three strands together.  Starting at the top of the spiral, wind the loaf into a coil.    Place the loaves on the cookie sheets or in the shallow pans in which they  will be baked; cover with moist kitchen cloths. Allow loaves to rise about  35 to 45 minutes, until doubled in size.    Make an egg wash: Combine egg yolk, remaining 1 teaspoon honey and 1  tablespoon cold water. Using a pastry brush, brush egg wash over each loaf.  Sprinkle with poppy seeds.    Bake in a preheated 350-degree oven 35 to 45 minutes. Loaves are done when  they are golden brown and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on  wire racks before serving. Yield: 4 loaves.    DAVE <DAVIDG@CLAM.RUTGERS.EDU>    RECIPEINTERNET LIST SERVER    From the RECIPEinternet: Recipes from Around the World recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.