Basic Soyburgers
Mashed tofu; *see tip, Salt, Onion, Substitute: cooked, Parsley; a handful, Scallions; minced, Fine dry breadcrumbs; *see, Cider vinegar, Dry mustard, Minced fresh dill weed; (2, Cooked soybeans; rinsed and, Garlic clove; may be doubled, Vegetable oil; for the pan, 
Place everything except the bread crumbs (or rice) and cooking oil in a  food processor and puree until fairly smooth.    Transfer to a bowl and add the bread crumbs or rice. Stir until well  combined.    Form into patties about 4 inches in diameter and l/2 inch thick, using  about 1/2 cup of the mixture for each patty.    Heat a heavy nonstick skillet and brush with oil. When the pan is hot, add  the burgers, turn the heat down to medium, and cook for about 10 minutes on  each side. Watch them carefully so they get nice and brown, but dont burn.    Serve hot, in burger style (see notes.)    Yield: 6 to 8 4-inch burgers. Preparations time: 30 minutes after the  soybeans are cooked (10 minutes of work).    BOOKs NOTEs: "Dont Knock Em Till you Try Em" -- You can buy many types  of veggie burgers" these days, but just in case youd prefer to make them  yourself, here is the onginal concept. These simple, good, inexpensive  burgers can be assembled and sauteed in just 30 minutes so its not nearly  as much work as it might seem.    Serve Soyburgers with or without toasted buns, accompanied by the  traditional burger trimmings -- mustard, ketchup, mayonnaise, onion,  tomato, pickles, etc.    You can freeze the uncooked patties. Just wrap each burger in plastic wrap,  then store all the individually wrapped patties together in a sealed  plastic bag in the freezer. You can defrost one at a time, as needed, and  saute to order.    TIP: * Soak and cook dried soybeans ahead of time (see package for  directions), or buy canned soybeans in a natural foods store. * Soyburgers  can be made with bread crumbs or with cooked short grain brown rice. With  rice, you have a wheat-free option, and the burger will come out crumblier,  but crunchier. With bread crumbs. they hold together better The burgers  taste great both ways. If you re using rice, cook it in advance and allow  to cool. *MC-PER SERVING (1/7): 243 CAL, 7.6g fat (27.4% cff); 48.6% from  carbs; 23.9% from protein, Estimated using nutritional values of Mori-Nu  Soft Tofu.    >Untested recipe edited by Pat Hanneman (kitpath) for Mollie Katzen fans.  1998-Feb    Recipe by: Mollie Katzens Vegetable Heaven (1997)    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 23,  1998