Sweet and Spicy Barbecued Ribs with Green Chili Sauce
Yellow Onions, Lime Juice, Kosher salt, Ground coriander, Ground cumin, Fresh Cilantro, Pork Spareribs, Anaheim chile, Paprika, Garlic, FOR THE RUB, Black Pepper, FOR THE GREEN CHILI SAUCE, olive oil, Tomatillos  , Brown Sugar, Garlic, Fresh Cilantro, 
In a small bowl, combine rub ingredients; mix well. Coat the ribs  thoroughly with the rub; place them on baking sheets and roast in  200-degree oven for 3 1/2 hours. Dont turn them-all you are doing now is  slow cooking and infusing them with spices.    While the ribs are cooking, make the sauce. In a medium saucepan, heat the  oil over medium heat until hot, but not smoking. Add the onions and saute,  stirring occasionally until transparent, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and  saute, stirring occasionally for 1 minute. Add the tomatillos, chiles and  lime juice; simmer for about 5 minutes. If you are using fresh tomatillos,  you want them to be just starting to break down. Remove the sauce from the  heat; puree in a food processor or blender, a bit at a time until smooth.  Stir in the cilantro and set aside. If you want to serve it warm, return it  to the saucepan. Just before serving, reheat over low heat.    Remove the ribs from the oven. They can stand out for a while and then  stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 days, or they can go right onto the  grill. (If you do refrigerate them, bring them to room temperature before  the final grilling.) When youre ready to put them on the grill, put them  over a low fire and leave them there for 7 to 10 minutes, turning once or  twice. Since they are already cooked through at this point, what you are  looking for is some color and a good sear. When they have achieved this,  remove them from the grill and serve them accompanied by the sauce.    Editors Note: I personally would cook the ribs in a smoker at 245 instead  of an oven at 200. Not only will the ribs take on a good smokey flavor, but  youll also be able to skip having to grill them.    Formatted for Master Cook and your Qlinary delight by Rock McNelly    Recipe by: Chris Schlesinger    Posted to bbq-digest by RockMc <RockMc@aol.com> on Mar 18, 1998