Sweet Cheese Strudel
Raisins, lemon zest, CHEESE FILLING, STRUDEL, Fine dry breadcrumbs, phyllo dough, Egg white, Cornstarch, Sugar, Part-skim ricotta cheese,, Pure vanilla extract, Canola oil, Butter, 
Phyllo dough, low in calories and fat, is a crisp counterpoint to the  creamy cheese filling.    To make filling: In a small bowl, combine sugar, cornstarch, egg white,  vanilla and lemon zest; stir gently until well combined. With a rubber  spatula, gently fold in ricotta cheese just until combined. Gently fold in  raisins. Set aside.    To make strudel: 1. Preheat oven to 350F. Lightly oil a large baking sheet  or coat it with nonstick cooking spray.    2. In a small bowl, combine oil and butter. Unroll phyllo onto a clean, dry  surface; cover with wax paper and then a slightly damp tea towel to prevent  the dough from drying out.    3. Lay one sheet of phyllo on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with 1/2  teaspoon of the oil/butter mixture and spread it thin with a pastry brush.  (Not all the dough will be covered.) Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon  breadcrumbs. Repeat with 7 more sheets of phyllo, aligning each sheet over  the previous ones. Over the eighth layer, sprinkle all the remaining  breadcrumbs; reserve the remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons of the oil/butter  mixture.    4. Gently spoon the cheese filling in a long, 12-by-2-inch mound along one  long edge of the phyllo layers, leaving a 2-inch border between the mound  and the edges of the phyllo. Fold up the long edge and loosely roll up the  strudel. (Do not roll too tightly; the filling will expand during baking.)  Set the strudel seam-side down on the baking sheet. Fold and tuck the open  ends securely but not tightly beneath the roll.    5. Brush the strudel with the remaining oil/butter mixture. With a sharp  paring knife, make four short (1-inch) diagonal slashes along the top of  the strudel to allow steam to escape. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until  the phyllo is golden brown. Carefully transfer the strudel to a wire rack  and let cool completely. Just before serving, dust with confectioners  sugar.    Serve the strudel at brunch, or dress it up at dinner with a strawberry  puree.    165 Calories per serving: 5 G Protein 5.0 G Fat 25 G Carbohydrate 110 MG  Sodium 11 MG Cholestrol 1.0 G Fiber  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by Julie Bertholf <jewel1@ix.netcom.com> on  Mar 24, 1998