Peasant Brunch Squares
Butter or margarine, Garlic, Green pepper, diced, Pepper, Parsley, minced, Salt, Caraway seeds, Fresh oregano, chopped, milk, Eggs, Ham, diced, Onion, diced, Butter, or margarine, Salt, Pepper, 
Preheat oven to 375 degree. Grease a 9 x 13-inch baking pan. Steam the  potatoes until they are just tender, approximately 10 minutes. Put them in  a large bowl and set them aside.    In a skillet, heat the butter or margarine until bubbly. Add the onion and  saute until the onion becomes transparent. Add garlic and cook 2 more  minutes. Add to the potatoes. Stir in 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper,  and caraway seeds. Press the potatoes into the baking pan, building up the  sides like a pie shell.    Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes, until lightly browned.    Meanwhile heat 1 tablespoon butter or margarine in a large skillet. Saute  the green pepper until limp. Add the ham, oregano, and parsley. Cook 2 more  minutes. Fill the baked potato shell with this mixture. The dish can be  cooled and refrigerated at this point if you are preparing it ahead of  time.    Beat the eggs with a wire whisk. Add the milk, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2  teaspoon pepper and whisk. Pour this over the vegetable and ham mixture.  Bake at 350 degrees for 40 minutes, or until the eggs have set. The baking  time will lengthen if the curst has been refrigerated. Remove and cool  slightly before serving.    Notes: This brunch dish is an all-in-one meal in a potato crust. It might  appear time-consuming to make, but the potato shell can be prepared and  stuffed ahead of time. About 1 1/2 hours before you are ready to serve, add  the beaten eggs and bake. This dish is delicious with other fillings such  as fish or poultry.    Yield: 6 servings.    Source: The Streamliner Diner Cookbook (Bainbridge Island, Washington  State), by chefs and owners: Irene Clark, Liz Matteson, Alexandra Ruth  Weinstock Typos by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>  Recipe by: The Streamliner Diner Cookbook (Bainbridge Island Eatery)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #376, by Brenda Adams  <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Fri, 17 Jan 1997.