Sweet and Sour Dressing (Basic Instructions)
Optional items, Corn starch; or, Egg yolks, Thickening agents, Unit Peanut oil; or oil of, Unit Sugar, Salt and pepper, Hot pepper sauce, Celery seed, Dry mustard, Flour; or, Unit Vinegar; (I like apple, 
For a boiled dressing: put sugar, oil, and vinegar into a non-corrosive  saucepan. If using flour for a thickener, stir it in making sure there are  no lumps, or use part of the oil and make a roux with it. If using corn  starch, stir the starch into a little of the vinegar and add to liquid in  pan. Bring the liquid to the boil and cook until thickened (if thickening  is wanted) If using egg yolks, bring liquid to boil, temper egg yolks with  a little of the hot liquid and then stir them into the boiling liquid. Cook  until thickened, in any case at least two or three minutes.    For a mayonnaise type dressing: Put vinegar and sugar into a food processor  or blender and pour oil slowly into the running machine, making sure it is  all emulsified. Seasonings can be added right at the last.    Store in refrigerator until needed.    NOTES : I read about 20 recipes, and this is about what they all said.  The  ratio of oil, vinegar, and sugar varies from recipe to recipe, but this is  about what they all say, and you can adjust according to your personal  taste (ot that of your guests).  I also saw minced garlic, garlic salt,  garlic powder, minced onion(both dried and fresh), minced shallots, and  celery salt listed as seasonings.  One recipe used honey rather than sugar,  and I imagine that brown sugar or molasses could be used for a very  interesting dressing  Other seasoning possibilities that come to mind are  curry powder, ground cumin, cilantro, and chili powder. Another possible  variation would be to reduce the vinegar and sugar solution by half, add an  equal amount of heavy cream and thicken in the classical way by stirring in  softened butter.  Not for those of us with blood pressure or cholesterol  problems.  Recipe by: Bright Larkin    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by bright@twave.net <Bright Larkin> on 98 1b,  949EST