Swedish Limpe
Rye flour, Caraway seeds, Brown sugar, Warm water, Salt, Ice water, Margarine, Active dry yeast, Water, White flour, 
From: Kenneth Allen Hyde <HKA55365@vax1.utulsa.edu>    Date: 27 Mar 1994 23:18:10 -0500  This is my great-grandmothers special recipe. I am the fourth generation  to make this bread in my family. It is not as sweet as some limpe, but I  like it better this way. It makes fabulous toast and great sandwiches.  Swedish Limpe (Nora Thielges). Materials:    Two 8x4x3 (non-stick) loaf pans    large mixing bowl    flour sifter    sturdy mixing spoon    Parchment or wax paper (optional)    Make the flavor base: in a small pan, combine the 1/2 cup water, brown  sugar, caraway, margarine and salt. Bring to a boil, lower to just  shivering, and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add the ice  water. Let the mixture cool.    Proof the yeast: mix the yeast into the 1/2 cup of warm water. Add a little  of the flavor base (a scant teaspoon). Leave sit until bubbles form.    Assemble the dough: Sift 3 cups of the white flour and the 2 cups of rye  flour into a large mixing bowl. Add the liquids and stir to obtain a soft  dough. Using 1/2 cup of white flour, flour a clear surface and turn the  dough out of the pan. Sprinkle it with some of the remaining flour. Knead  the dough for about 10 minutes, until it feels smooth and satiny with a  nice resilience. During this kneading process the dough may feel sticky.  Dust it lightly with some of the remaining flour, but be sparing.    Form the dough into a ball and lightly flour it. Place in a clean large  bowl, cover with a damp tea towel, and leave in a warm draft-free place to  rise. Leave rise until it is doubled in bulk (about 1-2 hours). Remove from  the bowl (you may need a spatula for this) and reform into a ball. Lightly  flour the dough and return to the bowl. Cover with the towel and return to  rise until doubled in bulk again.    Preheat the oven to 350 F. (If you do not have non-stick bread pans you  will need to line your pans with greased parchment paper or wax paper.)  When the bread is finished its second rising, remove from the bowl and form  into two loaves. Place dough in loaf pans and cover with a damp towel.  Leave to rise in a warm place until the bread reaches the rim of the pans.    Put in the oven on the middle (or, in a two-shelf oven, the lower) shelf.  Bake for 25-30 minutes until the loaves turn a toasty brown and make a  hollow thumping noise when struck with a spoon. Remove from the oven and  turn the loaves out of the pans onto a cooling rack. Let cool thoroughly.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.