Swedish Chocolate Dessert Konungens Tarts
Egg, Sugar, Cocoa, Sugar, For chocolate filling, Double-acting baking powder, Filling (Vanilla or, Egg, Sugar, Egg yolk, Butter, Salt, milk, milk, Butter, Chocolate Icing, Whipping cream, Cocoa, Cocoa, 
BAKE at 375 degrees for 12 to 15 minutes. SERVES 6 to 8. Sift together the  flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder and salt. Cut in butter until particles  are the size of small peas. Add 1 slightly beaten egg and 1 to tablespoons  milk; blend with fork or pastry blender. Place on large ungreased baking  sheet.*** (Baking sheet will not slip if placed on damp cloth or paper  towel.) Roll out on baking sheet with floured rolling pin to 15 x 11-inch  rectangle. Trim edges with knife or pastry wheel. Cut into three 11 x  5-inch rectangles. Bake in moderate oven (375 degrees) 12 to 15 minutes. Do  not brown. Cool on baking sheet. Loosen carefully with spatula. Stack  layers on top of cardboard covered with aluminum foil, spreading filling  between layers to within 1/4 inch of edge. Frost top. if desired, decorate  with toasted slivered almonds. Chill until frosting has set. Wrap loosely  in aluminum foil (or waxed paper); chill overnight. *For use with  Pillsburys Best Self-Rising Flour, omit baking powder and salt. ***If a  large baking sheet is not available, divide the dough into three portions  and roll to 11 x 5 inch rectangles.    Filling: (Vanilla or Chocolate) Beat 1 egg until light and fluffy.  Gradually add sugar, beating constantly until thick and light. Blend in  flour. Gradually add milk which has been scalded in top of a double boiler.  Return mixture to double boiler. Cook over boiling water, stirring  constantly, until thick and smooth. Add vanilla; cool. Beat 1/2 cup  whipping cream until thick and fold into filling. For chocolate filling,  substitute the following chocolate whipped cream for the plain whipped  cream: Combine 1/2 cup whipping cream, cocoa, and sugar. Beat until thick.    Chocolate Icing: Combine melted butter, cocoa, confectioners sugar, egg  yolk and vanilla. Beat until smooth.    NOTES : **Pronounced Koh-nuhng-ens Tor-tah "From Pillsburys European  Recipe Service-A Dessert From Sweden"  Recipe by: Best Loved Foods of Christmas, Pillsbury, undated booklet    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #887 by NGavlak <NGavlak@aol.com> on Nov 6,  1997