Basic Country Loaf
whole wheat, active dry yeast, water, water, DOUGH, All-purpose flour, Unbleached all-purpose flour, Sesame seeds, SPONGE, Egg white, Coarse salt, 
From: arielle@taronga.com (Stephanie da Silva)    Date: Tue, 17 Aug 1993 00:45:07 GMT  Make the sponge about 12 hours ahead: In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast  in 1/4 cup of the warm water. Let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in the  remaining 1 1/4 cups water and the flour, beating by hand or in a mixer  with a dough hook for 1 minute. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let  the sponge stand at room temperature for 12 to 14 hours.    Make the dough: Stir the whole wheat flour, warm water, salt and about 4  cups of the all-purpose flour into the sponge until the dough becomes hard  to work, then turn it out onto a well-floured surface. Let the dough rest  while you clean the bowl. Now start kneading, slapping the dough around,  scraping it up, gradually adding about 1 1/2 cups more all-purpose flour  and kneading until smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes.    Return the dough to the bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room  temperature until almost triped in volume, about 2 hours.    Turn the dough out again onto a floured surface, punch it down, and tear  off a small hunk (6 ounces) to reserve for the levain (see Note). Divide  the remaining dough in half and shape each piece into a 1 1/2 inch thick  disk. With the palms of your hands, coax the sides of each disk down and  under all around, stretching the gluten cloak and plumping up each loaf  into a round shape. Pinch together the seams on the bottom and place the  rounds seam-side down on 2 lightly greased baking sheets. Cover loosely  with a towel and let rise until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.    Preheat the oven to 450F.  Paint the top and sides of the risen loaves with  the beaten egg white to glaze.  Sprinkle, if you wish, with one of the  toppings and place on the middle rack of the oven.  Immediately throw a few  ice cubes on the oven floor to create steam.  Add more ice after 3 minutes  and again after 6 minutes. Bake for a total of 15 minutes. Then reduce the  oven temperature to 350F and bake for 20 minutes longer, or until the bread  sounds hollow when the bottom is tapped. Turn the oven off and let the  bread rest in the hot oven for 15 minutes. Remove to a rack and let cool.    Note: Put the hunk of reserved dough (about 6 ounces) in a covered jar with  1 1/2 cups of warm water.  This is the levain, which will go into the next  loaf.  Let stand at room temperature for 12 hours, then refrigerate.  The  levain will keep for up to 10 days; freeze for longer storage.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.