Stuffed Pork Chops
Ground nutmeg, Unsalted butter, PORK CHOP INGREDIENTS, 1-3/4" thick pork chops, Garlic, Ground cayenne pepper, Black pepper, Onion powder, Rubbed sage, Dry mustard, Very fine bread crumbs, Ground pork, Salt, White pepper, Dried thyme leaves, Garlic powder, Vanilla extract, Onions, (4 oz) diced green chilies, Light brown sugar, Finely chopped green onions, Chopped green bell peppers, Med. apples coarsely chopped, SEASONING MIX, Ground cumin, Pork or chicken stock, 
In a food processor or blender, process the apples, 4 Tablespoons  of the butter, the sugar, vanilla and nutmeg until smooth, about  3 to 4 minutes.  Set aside.    In a small bowl thoroughly combine the seasoning mix ingredients;  set aside.    Prepare the pork chops by cutting a large pocket (to the bone)  into the larger side of each chop to hold the stuffing.    In a large skillet, brown the ground pork in the remaining 3 Tbsp.  butter over high heat, about 3 minutes.  Add the onions, bell peppers,  garlic, and 2 Tbsp. of the seasoning mix, stirring well; cook about  5 minutes, stirring occasionally and scraping pan bottom well.  Stir  in the green chilies and their juice and continue cooking until  mixture is well browned, about 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally  and scraping the pan bottom as needed.  Add the stock and cook 5  minutes, stirring frequently.  Stir in the bread crumbs and cook  about 2 minutes more, stirring constantly and scraping pan bottom  as needed.  Remove from heat.    Sprinkle the remaining seasoning mix evenly on both sides of the  chops and inside the pockets, pressing it in by hand.  Prop chops  with pocket side up in an ungreased 13x9-inch baking pan.  Spoon  about 1/4 cup stuffing into each pocket; reserve the remaining  stuffing.  Bake chops with pocket up at 400F until the meat is  done, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Place the remaining stuffing in a  small pan in the oven for the last 20 minutes to reheat.    Serve immediately with each chop arranged on top of a portion  of the remaining stuffing.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/meats.zip