Pecan Cinnamon Biscuits
Cream, Light brown sugar, pecans, Baking Powder, Butter, Salt, Cream, Vanilla, Light brown sugar, TOPPING, Cinnamon, Pecan extract, Flour, 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.    In a small mixer bowl, whip cream until stiff. In another bowl, whisk  together flour, baking pow- der and salt. Gradually add to the whipped  cream and blend with a rubber spatula until a firm dough forms. Turn onto a  lightly floured surface and knead for 1 minute.    Roll out dough into a 1/4-inch thick rectangle approximately 9-by-12-  inches. Using a pastry brush, spread the melted butter over the dough.  Sprinkle evenly with cinnamon and sugar.    Beginning with a long side, roll up like a jellyroll and, with a serrated  knife, cut into 3/4-inch slices. Place close together in a greased 8-inch  round cake pan. Bake for 15 minutes or until tops of rolls are very lightly  browned.    While rolls bake, prepare topping. Remove the browned rolls from the oven  and spread the top of each with some of the topping mixture. Return rolls  to the oven and bake 3 to 4 minutes longer or until topping starts to  bubble. Remove from oven and serve warm. Makes a dozen rolls.    For the topping: In a small bowl, mix together light brown sugar, finely  chopped pecans; cream; vanilla and pecan extract (optional).    PER SERVING: 260 calories, 14 grams fat, 38 milligrams cholesterol, 260  milligrams sodium.    (Source: adapted from "New Recipes From Quilt Country" by Marcia Adams  (Clarkson Potter)    Ideas to lower the fat: The above recipe has about 50% of its calories from  dairy fat. Things to try: Substitute lowfat versions or use 1 cup nonfat  sour cream. Reduce the butter to 4 teaspoons butter or margarine. -Pat    >From 18-Feb-98, Riverside Press-Enterprise. >another McBust from Pat  Hanneman (kitpath)    Notes: Not your average biscuit: This Sunday morning comfort food  masquerades as cinnamon rolls. -- Dallas Morning News (syn)    Recipe by: Quilt Country by Marcia Adams    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 18,  1998