Pecan Caramel Bars Pt 1
Vanilla extract, Sifted granulated sugar, CARAMEL, DECORATION, Packed dark brown sugar, Chilled unsalted butter; cut, Light corn syrup, Pinch baking soda, Pecan halves, Heavy cream, Salt, COATING, Coarsely chopped pecans, Milk or semisweet chocolate, 
YIELD: Approximately 26 small candy bars DIFFICULTY: *** PREPARATION: 3  hours plus cooling and setting times. Let the caramel set at room  temperature overnight before cutting into bars. SPECIAL EQUIPMENT:  High-sided, heavy 3/2-quart saucepan; candy thermometer; straight-sided,  8-inch square baking pan; heavy-duty aluminum foil; chocolate thermometer;  heating pad with a temperature control dial (such as the type used for back  aches); silicone mats (optional); 4-pronged chocolate dipping fork; gold  foil or clear cellophane (optional), for wrapping bars.    Cook the caramel:    1.Line a straight-sided, 8-inch square baking pan with heavy-duty aluminum  foil so that the foil extends 1 inch beyond two sides of the pan. Fold the  overhang down along the outside of the pan. Oil the bottom and sides of the  foil-lined pan.    2.In a medium bowl, using your fingers, combine the sugars and salt, making  sure that any lumps of brown sugar are thoroughly broken up and blended  into the sugar mixture.    3.Rub the bottom and side of a high-sided, heavy 3 1/2-quart saucepan with  a chunk of chilled butter. Add the remaining butter along with the cream,  corn syrup and the sugar mixture to the saucepan. Stirring constantly with  a wooden spoon, cook the mixture over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes  (without letting the mixture boil), until the sugar crystals are completely  dissolved. Dip a clean pastry brush in a cup of warm water and wash down  the side of the pan to remove any sugar crystals clinging to the side of  the pan.    4.Raise the heat to medium-high and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the  pinch of baking soda and stir briefly with a clean wooden spoon. (The  baking soda will cause the mixture to foam a bit, but it will subside  quickly.)    5.Insert a candy thermometer into the boiling candy mixture but do not let  the base touch the bottom of the pan. (If using a thermometer that is  mounted on a metal frame, do not worry about the base of the frame touching  the bottom of the pan.) Cook the caramel mixture for 35 to 45 minutes,  without stirring, or until the thermometer registers 248 degrees F (firm  ball stage). Important: during the cooking process, rinse the thermometer 2  to 3 times under HOT water to remove any sugar crystals that may have  started to form above the boil line on the thermometer stem. This is  especially crucial when using a thermometer that is mounted on a metal  frame. Return the clean thermometer to the boiling caramel mixture.    6.Take the pan off the heat and remove the thermometer. Add the pecans and  vanilla to the hot caramel and stir very gently with a clean wooden spoon.  Immediately scrape the caramel into the prepared pan. Do not scrape out the  caramel from the bottom of the hot pan.    7.Tap the pan on a work surface 2 to 3 times to level the caramel. Set the  pan on a wire rack and cool completely. Cover the surface of the caramel  with plastic wrap and leave at room temperature overnight.    Cut the pecan caramel bars:    1.Using two ends of the foil as handles, lift the caramel out of the pan.  Set the caramel onto a clean cutting surface. Remove the plastic wrap and  the aluminum foil. Using a long, thin-bladed knife, trim 1/8 inch off the  four edges of the caramel block. Score the top of the caramel block into  3/4-inch wide strips. Cut the caramel into strips. Cut each strip into  2-inch bars. Set the bars on a waxed paper-lined baking sheet.    Coat the bars:    1.Temper the milk or semisweet chocolate couverture. Refer to the Tempering  Instructions. Cover a flat baking sheet with a silicone mat. (Or line the  baking sheet with waxed paper. See tips.) The textured side of the mat  should be facing upwards. Arrange the work area so that the pecan caramel  bars are to the left of the tempered chocolate, with the silicone  mat-covered baking sheet to the right. Reverse the positions if you are  left-handed.    continued in part 2