Basil Spiral Focaccia
Bunch fresh basil; about, Active dry yeast, Light extra virgin olive oil, TOPPING, Warm water, FILLING, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Plus, DOUGH, Water; room temperature, Mild tasting extra virgin, -(up to), Grams unbleached plain flour, Sea salt, 
From: viv@tauon.ph.unimelb.edu.au (Viviane Buzzi)    Date: 25 Sep 1995 11:14:38 -0500    Source:   "Focaccia" by Carol Field, (Chronicle Books, SF) ISBN:  0-8118-0854-8 (hc), 0-8118-0604-9 (pb) Serves: 8 to 10; Makes one 10 inch  focaccia    This focaccia is known as "sfoglierata".  It is fantastic eaten warm  although it keeps for 2 days wrapped in a plastic bag.  You can gently  reheat slices ... its better than eating it cold, although it is OK cold  too.    Whisk the yeast into the warm water in a large bowl; let stand until  creamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the room-temperature water and the oil.  If you are making the dough by hand, combine the flour and the salt, add  them in 2 additions, and mix until the dough comes together well. Knead on  a lightly floured surface for 4 to 5 minutes, let the dough rest briefly,  and finish kneading for another minute or two. The dough will be soft and  as delicate as an ear lobe. If you are using a heavy-duty electric mixer,  use the paddle attachment to mix the flour and salt into the yeast mixture  until they form a dough. Change to the dough hook and knead for 2 to 3  minutes, or until the dough is as tender as an ear lobe.    FIRST RISE:  Place the dough in a lightly oiled container, cover it tightly  with plastic wrap, and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour to 1 hour and       15    minutes.    SHAPING AND SECOND RISE: Turn the dough out on a lightly floured work  surface and roll it with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 12 x 18 inch  rectangle that is about 1/4 inch thick.  The dough will roll out easily and  repair easily, if it should tear. To fill, paint the 2 to 3 tablespoons of  olive oil over the top of the dough - be sure to brush it thoroughly, even  liberally - and then cover the surface with a thick carpet of basil leaves.  Roll up the dough from the long end, like a jelly roll.  Oil a 10 x 4 inch  angel-food tube pan very well and slip the dough into it, seam side down.  Dont be concerned if the 2 ends of the roll dont touch; they will after  the second rise. Cover the dough with a towel and let rise until doubled,  about 1 to 1 1/2 hours.    Baking:  At least 30 minutes before you plan to bake, preheat the oven to  200C/400F with a baking stone inside, if you have one.  Brush the top of  the "sfoglierata" with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Place the pan directly on  the stone and bake until golden, about 40 minutes. Let cool for 15 or 20  minutes, then slide the blade of a long thin knife or spatula between the  "sfoglierata" and the pan sides and the center tube to loosen it. Place on  a rack. Serve warm.    VIVIANES NOTES:  When you cannot get your hands on fresh basil leaves, you  can use pesto as a filling ... just make sure that the filling is not too  liquid or it will create a mess as you roll up the focaccia.  It is  delicious with pesto inside. I use pesto without the cheese added. I think  a filling of olive pesto/pate or artichoke pate would be good too.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.