Bean Burritos #1
Refried beans from two, Shredded cheese, Flour tortillas, Chopped peppers as desired, Onion; chopped fine, 
Now that youve made a big bowl of refried beans, youre probably  wondering what to do with them. I always turn them into a big batch of bean  burritos which can be microwaved on demand for a quick, cheap, filling  meal.     All ingredients besides the beans and tortillas should be considered  optional.  Decide what you like in your burritos and add it in.     Get the tortilla wraps to room temperature and separate them.  Make sure  they can be folded without cracking; if this is a problem it may help to  warm them in a microwave a bit.     For each burrito:    1.  Lay one tortilla on your working surface.  Spoon exactly one twelfth of  the bean mixture onto the center of the tortilla in a roughly rectangular  blob.  Sprinkle some cheese & onion on the bean mixture.    2.  Fold in the tortilla to form the two ends of the burrito.  Fold one of  the side flaps over the top and around the other side of the bean mix;  youll almost tuck it in under the bean mix so as to force the burrito into  a round shape. Fold the other side over. [If you cant understand what to  do from these instructions dont sweat it too much; as long as you  completely enclose the filling youre okay, and its not hard to figure out  your own folding method.] Set the burrito aside with these folded sides on  the bottom.     These freeze quite nicely.  Two of these large ones (or one with side  dishes) makes a meal.  You could of course make smaller ones using the  smaller wraps, though Im not sure how many youll get.     An excellent variation is to brown a half pound to a pound of ground beef  or turkey, drain it, and stir it into the refried beans before assembling  burritos. -- Kenneth Herron kherron@ms.uky.edu University of Kentucky +1  606 257 1429 Dept. of Mathematics "If you ever drop your keys in a river of  molten lava, let em go because, man, theyre gone."    KHERRON@MS.UKY.EDU    (KENNETH HERRON)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.