Pecan Coffee Cake Abm
Corn syrup, Eggs, Vanilla extract, FILLING, Flour, Unsalted butter; cut into 1", Molasses, Yeast, Dark Brown Sugar, Unsalted Butter; at room, Egg yolks, Salt, Pecan Halves; toasted, Sugar, Heavy cream, 
Place all dough ingredients in the machine.  Program for knead and first  rise and press start. At the end of the final cycle, transfer the dough to  a well-oiled bowl, cover it with plastic and refrigerate for 2 hours.  Generously butter a 12 cup bundt pan. Place the butter, sugar, corn syrup  and molasses in a 2 quart saucepan set over medium heat. Allow the mixture  to come to a boil. Cook 2 minutes at full boil. Remove from the heat and  add the cream. Stir in combine and then immediately stir in the pecans.  Continue to mix until all the pecans are covered.    Pour a third of the filling into the prepared pan and set aside the rest to  cool while you prepare the dough. On a lightly floured work surface, roll  the dough into a 20 x 9 inch rectangle. Place the prepared pan nearby. Pour  the rest of the filling down the length of the dough and use a metal  spatula to quickly spread it to within 2" of the edges. Flip one long side  of the dough over the middle, then the other, to form a long roll. Quickly  lift the roll and place it in the pan so that the ends overlap slightly.    Cover the pan with lightly oiled plastic wrap and allow the dough to rise  in warm place until doubled in bulk. Preheat the oven to 375F. with the  rack in the center position. Bake for 20 minutes and then reduce the heat  to 350F. and bake it another 20 to 25 minutes. If the top is getting too  brown, cover it loosely with foil. Put a cake rack over a large plate.  Remove cake from oven and turn over onto the rack. Scoop up any filling  that drips off and place it back on cake. Once filling has cooled, remove  the cake to a serving plate.    Source: Desserts from Your Bread Machine Typed by Meg Antczak, Fido Cooking  Conference 07-19-95 Revised for Meal-Master Format by Katherine Smith    