Bavarois Creme De Marron
GARNISH, Sugar, Egg yolks, VANILLA CREME ANGLAISE, Sugar, milk, BAVAROIS, Cream; whipped, Vanilla essence, Gelatine, (250-gram) chestnut puree, milk, Blocks toblerone chocolate, Marrons glaces, Vanilla essence, Egg yolks, 
From: viv@tauon.ph.unimelb.edu.au (Viviane Buzzi)    Date: 24 Dec 1994 00:22:16 -0500    from "Grand Finales" by Vogue Australia:    Prepare 1 day ahead of serving.  Serves 10    To make the bavarois: beat the egg yolks with sugar. Bring the milk to the  boil, pour a little into the yolks, mixing well, and pour it back int the  saucepan.  Cook over a low heat, stirring constantly, until the custard  coats the back of the spoon. Strain into a bowl and add vanilla essence to  taste. Dissolve the gelatine in a little water and add it to the mixture,  stirring well. Beat in the chestnut puree. Set the mixture aside to cool  thoroughly. Fold in the cream with a large balloon whisk. Lightly oil a  pretty mould and pour in the bavarois. Cover with plastic wrap and  refrigerate overnight.    To prepare the garnish: place the chocolate in a bowl set over hot water.  Let the chocolate just melt and stir it well to avoid melting the nougat in  the chocolate. Dip the marrons in the chocolate and place them on a cake  cooler to harden. Store the marrons in an airtight container.    To make the creme anglaise: beat the egg yolks with sugar. Bring the milk  to the boil and pour a little into the yolks, mixing well. Pour the mixture  back into the saucepan and cook slowly until the custard coats the back of  a spoon. Strain into a bowl and leave to cool. Add vanilla essence to  taste. Cover and refrigerate.    To serve: turn the bavarois out onto a flat serving plate. Spoon creme  anglaise around it, and garnish with chocolate coated marron glaces.    My notes: you could make it more heady by flavouring the creme anglaise  with rum instead of vanilla and perhaps use some thin chocolate sauce to  make a nice butterflied pattern through the creme anglaise on the plate.  Looks very elegant.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /MISC    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.