Bbq Chicken and Andouille Hash with Poached Eggs
Eggs, Celery, Chopped Andouille sausage;,, Shallots, SAUCE PIQUANTE, Prepared BBQ Sauce, POACHED EGGS, Turns fresh black pepper, Chopped fresh thyme, Unsalted butter, Small diced onions, Green Onions, Chicken Stock, olive oil, Chopped fresh oregano, Peeled; seeded and chopped, olive oil, Shallots, Salt, Salt and pepper, Green Onions, Chopped green bell peppers, Garlic, Bay Leaves, Cayenne pepper, Minced jalapeno peppers;, Chicken breast, Diced cooked potatoes;, Onions, Chopped fresh basil, Garlic, 
ESSENCE OF EMERIL SHOW#EE2280    Heat the grill or broiler. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Brush  the BBQ Sauce on the chicken, coating the breast completely. Place the  chicken on the hot grill or broiler and cook for 5-6 minutes on each side.  Set aside and cool.    For hash: In a saute pan, heat the oil. Add the potatoes and saute, shaking  the pan occasionally, for 2 minutes. Add the onions, shallots, and  andouille and stir-fry for 1 minute. Small dice the BBQ chicken and add to  the andouille mixture and saute for 1 minute. Add the garlic and season  with salt and pepper, stir occasionally for 4 minutes.    For poached egg: Bring 3 cups of water to a boil with 1/2 teaspoon white  vinegar and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan over high heat. Crack an  egg into a cup and slide the egg gently into the water. Crack another egg  into the cup and when the water returns to a boil slide this egg into the  water as well. When the water returns to a boil, reduce the heat to low and  simmer until the eggs are set, about 2-2 1/2 minutes. Drain on paper  towels.    Yield: 4 servings    SAUCE PIQUANTE: In a sauce pot, heat the oil. Add the onions, green onions,  celery, bell peppers, jalapenos, shallots, and garlic over high heat. Add  the basil, thyme, oregano, and bay leaves. Saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the  tomatoes, stock, salt, cayenne, and black pepper and bring to a boil. Cook  over high heat for 2 minutes, reduce the heat and simmer, stirring  occasionally, for about 5 minutes. Stir in the butter and remove from the  heat. To assemble, spoon a small amount of the sauce in the center of the  plate. Place 3/4 cup of the hash on the sauce. Top with the poached egg and  garnish with shaved green onions.    Yield: 2 cups    Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Feb 21, 1998