Bay Scallop Gougere
Bread flour, Bay scallops, Dijon mustard, Grainy mustard, milk, Fresh ground black pepper, Red onion; chopped, Gruyere cheese; grated, Gruyere cheese; diced, DOUGH, Tarragon Vinegar, salt and pepper, Unsalted butter, Grainy mustard, Heavy cream, Dry sherry, FILLING, Unsalted butter, Eggs, Salt, 
The day before serving, prepare the gougere dough: Heat the butter and milk  in a medium saucepan to boiling.  Remove from the heat.  Add the flour and  stir until the mixture is smooth and cleans the side of the pan.  Add the  eggs, one at a time - beating well after each addition.  Sir in the cheese,  mustard, salt and pepper.  Cook, sitrring constantly,, over low heat just  until the cheese melts.    Butter a 15 x 10 baking sheet.  Spread the dough over the entire sheet,  building up the sides and leaving just a thin layer of dough in the middle.  Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.    The next day, prepare the filling:  Melt the butter in a large skillet over  medium high heat.  Add the scallops and saute for just 1 minute.  Remove  the scallops with a slotted spoon and set aside.    Add the onion to the skillet and saute for 2 minutes.  Pour in the vinegar  and heat until just 1 tablespooon remains.  Pour in the cream, then stir in  the mustards and sherry.  Season with salt and pepper to taste.  Continue  to cook until the mixture is quite thick and reduced by about half. Remove  from the heat and stir in the scallops.    Preheat the oven to 400 F.    Remove the gougere dough from the refrigerator.  Spread the scallop mixture  evenly over the dough.  Sprinkle the grated cheese evenly over all.  Bake  the scallop gougere until puffed and golden brown - 40-45 minutes.    Let cool several minutes, then cut into bite-sized squares and pass with  cocktails.    Date: Mon, 24 Jun 1996 10:00:39 -0500    From: Sharon <jouet@telalink.net>    Recipe By     : Nantucket Open House Cook Book    MM-Recipes Digest V3 #175    From the MealMaster recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.