Basil-Mint Custard Sauce
Fresh basil leaves, Vanilla bean; split in half, Sugar, Green chartreuse, Egg yolks, Half and half, Salt, Fresh mint leaves, -(up to), 
From: viv@tauon.ph.unimelb.edu.au (Viviane Buzzi)    Date: Tue, 3 May 1994 04:02:25 GMT  Recently, there was a request for desserts using fresh herbs.  Here is an  unusual use of herbs in a dessert...I hope you like it.  I got it from an  article in a magazine a few years back...I cant remember whether it was  Vogue or Harpers Bazaar.    This is a creme anglaise, infused with fresh basil and mint.  Serve in a  pitcher with summer fruits...some suggestions given in the recipe are:  pitted cherries and red currants, mixed berried with plum, peach and  nectarine sections and a mixture of various melons. Sprinkle with superfine  sugar and toss gently. Let stand for at least 30 mins. to form a light,  natural syrup. Serve the fruit cold, drizzling each portion with some of  the sauce.    Place the half and half in  a heavy saucepan (not aluminium) over medium  heat.  Scrape the vanilla seeds into the liquid; add the vanilla pod and  bring to a boil.    Place the egg yolks, sugar, and salt in a bowl; whisk until combined.  Very  gradually whisk the hot liquid into the egg-yolk mixture.  Return to the  saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon  until the custard lightly coats the back of the spoon, usually 5-8 minutes.  Do not allow to boil. Remove from the heat and strain. Let cool.    Bring a small pan of water to the boil.  Add the basil and mint leaves;  blanch for 30 seconds.  Drain and immediately plunge the herbs into a bowl  of ice water (this will set the green colour). Remove the herbs from water  and gently press out excess water. Place the cooled custard and the herbs  in a blender and puree. Add Chartreuse to taste and transfer to a glass  pitcher. Keep the custard refrigerated, covered with plastic wrap. Makes 2      1/3    cups (6-8 servings).    This recipe was created by a chef called Gary Danko.  He claims this sauce  is also perfect with a chocolate mousse cake... I think he is right!!  In  fact, I think it would go quite nicely also with a rich chocolate parfait.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /DESSERTS    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.