Stuffed Pork Chops--1
Chopped Green Bell Peppers, Very Fine Bread Crumbs, Salt, PORK CHOP INGREDIENT, Finely Chopped Green Onions, Vanilla extract, Ground cumin, (4 oz) diced green chilies, Chopped green bell pepper, Very fine bread crumbs, Black pepper, Pork Chop Ingredients, Garlic, Seasoning Mix, Ground Cayenne Pepper, Onions, Garlic powder, Ground pork, Light brown sugar, White pepper, 1-3/4" Thick Pork Chops, Seasoning Mix, Unsalted butter, Onion powder, Dry mustard, Rubbed Sage, Ground nutmeg, Dried thyme leaves, (4 Oz) Diced Green Chilies, 
In a food processor or blender, process the apples, 4 Tablespoons of the  butter, the sugar, vanilla and nutmeg until smooth, about 3 to 4 minutes.  Set aside.    In a small bowl thoroughly combine the seasoning mix ingredients; set  aside. Prepare the pork chops by cutting a large pocket (to the bone) into  the larger side of each chop to hold the stuffing.    In a large skillet, brown the ground pork in the remaining 3 Tbsp. butter  over high heat, about 3 minutes. Add the onions, bell peppers, garlic, and  2 Tbsp. of the seasoning mix, stirring well; cook about 5 minutes, stirring  occasionally and scraping pan bottom well. Stir in the green chilies and  their juice and continue cooking until mixture is well browned, about 6 to  8 minutes, stirring occasionally and scraping the pan bottom as needed. Add  the stock and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently.    Stir in the bread crumbs and cook about 2 minutes more, stirring constantly  and scraping pan bottom as needed. Remove from heat. Sprinkle the remaining  seasoning mix evenly on both sides of the chops and inside the pockets,  pressing it in by hand. Prop chops with pocket side up in an ungreased  13x9-inch baking pan.    Spoon about 1/4 cup stuffing into each pocket; reserve the remaining  stuffing. Bake chops with pocket up at 400F until the meat is done, about 1  hour 10 minutes. Place the remaining stuffing in a small pan in the oven  for the last 20 minutes to reheat. Serve immediately with each chop  arranged on top of a portion of the remaining stuffing.    billspa@icanect.net  Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Bill Spalding <billspa@ICANECT.NET> on Jan 7,  1998