Basque Sheepherder Bread
WARM WATER (120- to 130^), ACTIVE DRY YEAST (2, WARM WATER (105- to 110^), Sugar, To 11 cups BREAD FLOUR,, SALT (I used salt, 
Dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup water (105- to 110^).    To the 4 cups of water (120- to 130^) in a LARGE mixing bowl, add salt,  sugar, and 4 cups of flour. Add yeast mixture and mix well. Add enough  flour to make a workable dough. Knead well--takes a loooong time and I  dont think you can make it using, either a Kitchenaid or ABM, you have to  do it by hand, give yourself PLENTY of counter space. <g> I kneaded the  dough for about 15 minutes--took that long to get the flour to absorb.    Place dough into a LARGE, greased bowl (I used my large Tupperware  cake-taker--this is a LOT of dough) and turn to coat top. Cover with  plastic wrap and place in a warm place to rise until double. The recipe  didnt give a time--mine took about 1 hour, maybe less, I nearly forgot  about it. <g>    Punch down, knead lightly and form into a round loaf. Place in a 4-1/2  quart Dutch oven. The recipe says to cover with plastic wrap but I knew  that if I did that, the loaf might deflate. I lightly sprayed a piece of  waxed paper with Pam and covered it with that--came off nicely without  deflating the loaf. Let rise again until double. Mine took about 25 minutes  and it was trying to climb out of the Dutch oven. Preheat the oven to 425^  about 15 minutes before the dough is ready.    Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce oven to 350^ and bake for an  additional 50-60 minutes. My loaf was getting too brown so I covered it  with foil when I reduced the oven temperature. I also decided to reduce the  heat to 325^ and only baked it for about 45 minutes-- it was done. NOTE:  Next time, if there is one, I plan on cutting the recipe in half--its  REALLY BIG. I expected it to be BIG, but 9-1/2" high and 10" wide? Thats  how big this loaf is--never seen anything like it before. Half the recipe,  cooked in the same size Dutch oven would make a nice size and shaped loaf.  Making the entire recipe, it would make a GREAT bowl for any dip and the  bread could be used for dipping. Oh, have fun trying to find something to  store it in--I ended up using a medium-size (new) trash can liner and it  filled it up. Its light and airy inside (like a French bread) and the  crust nice and chewy--I opted to brush the loaf with water once I took it  from the oven and it never got really soft--stayed chewy.    Taken from: "The Sacramento Cookery Cookbook" Converted by MMCONV vers.  1.40    