Bb with R
Big cut tomatoes, Cut onions, Black pepper, Freshly cut twig of sellery, Cooked brown beans; with, Whole fresh hot pepper, Cube of bouillon, Nutmeg, Cooked brown rice, 
Yesterday I cooked "B.B. with R." and I thought I should share this recipe  with you. This recipe is world famous, at least in Suriname and in the  Netherlands. As the Dutch people dont know how to cook it, at least they  know the song with the title: B.B. with R. B.B. is "brown beans" (baked  beans?) and the R. is for rice.    As children, brought up in Holland by a Dutch mother and a Suramese father,  we were allowed to choose the food for the christmas dinner. Every year the  three of us choose B.B. with R.! My mother cooked it without complaining.  This is one of the things I admire her for. She learned this recipe from  her mother-in-law, who spent before World War II a year in Holland. My son  also always choose this recipe when he was allowed tot choose the meal. And  he grow up in a time that french frites were already very popular in  Holland.    The recipe originates from the African-Surinamese kitchen, but is now eaten  by all the members of the Surinamese society. At big partys b.b. with r.  is often served (but then with salted b**f and ch***n). At a party there is  always food for everyone - even when everyone means 200 or more.) We have  in this country a lot of reasons to give a party...    1. Simmer onions a few minutes.    2. Add tomatoes and cube of bouillon. Simmer till thickened a bit (about  five minutes)    3. Make the broth tasty with black pepper    4. Add the brown beans, the selley leaves and the whole hot pepper. Add  enough cooking water.    5. Simmer till the liquid is thickened (about another ten minutes).    6. Make tot taste with the nutmeg (and more pepper).    7. Serve the rice covered with the beans, the finely cut hot pepper (with  fork and knife!) and a cucumber salad and sing the song b.b. with r.!  Posted to fatfree digest by "Boxel" <boxel@sr.net> on May 31, 1998