Pecan Bourbon Cake
Sugar, Bourbon (up to 1-1/4), Pecans; coarsely chopped, Double-acting baking powder, Eggs, Sticks + 1 Tablespoon, Butter, Seedless raisins, Ground nutmeg, Salt, + 2 T unsifted flour, 
Mix the raisins and 3/4 cup of bourbon together in a bowl and let them  steep for at least 30 minutes, stirring from time to time. Preheat the oven  to 325. With a pastry brush, spread 1 Tablespoon of softened butter over  the bottom and sides of a 10-inch tube cake pan. Add 2 Tablespoons of the  flour and tip the pan from side to side to distribute it evenly. Invert the  pan and rap the bottom sharply to remove the excess flour. Set the pan  aside. Combine 2-1/2 cups of the remaining flour with the baking powder,  nutmeg and salt, and sift them together into a bowl. In a deep mixing bowl,  cream the remaining 12 Tablespoons of softened butter and the sugar by  beating and mashing them against the sides of the bowl with the back of a  spoon (or with an electric mixer) until the mixture is light and fluffy.  Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then add the flour-nutmeg mixture by the  cupful, beating the batter well after each addition. With a slotted spoon,  transfer the raisins to a small bowl and pour the 3/4 cup bourbon into the  batter. Mix well. Add the pecans and the remaining 1/2 cup of flour to the  raisins and toss them together thoroughly. Then stir the raisin-and-nut  mixture into the batter. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, filling it  about three quarters full and smoothing the top with a rubber spatula. Bake  in the middle of the oven for about 1 and 10 minutes, or until a toothpick  or cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the cake cool in  the pan for 10 minutes, then turn it out on a wire rack to cool completely.  You may serve at once, or if you prefer, soak a double-thick 16-inch square  of cheesecloth in 1/2 cup of additional bourbon and wrap the cloth around  the cake. Cover it tightly with foil or plastic wrap and let it stand at  room temperature for at least 48 hours before serving.    NOTES : Not a fruit cake per se, but certainly Holiday Fare! Makes one  10-inch cake ring.  Recipe by: Bev In CA    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #840 by Roberta Banghart  <bobbi744@sojourn.com> on Oct 12, 1997