Bay Scallop En Papillote with Mango Sauce /draft
Orange zest; threads, Some acid, EN PAPILLOTE, Mango, Unsalted butter; may be, Mirin sweet vinegar, CHUNKY FRUIT SAUCE, Clean Trim and Thinly, Truffle butter; or to taste, Dried apricots, Tarragon; to serve, New potatoes; thinly sliced,, Mushrooms, Bay scallops; cleaned and, Sheets parchment paper; or, Clarified Butter, additions, Coriander seed; crushed, Chanterelle mushrooms, Leeks, 
*Preheat oven to 350F. Thinly slice the scrubbed potatoes. Brush a bakers  sheet (large, heavy) with clarified butter; arrange the potatoes in a  single layer on the sheet. Brush tops of potatoes lightly with clarified  butter. Salt and pepper, if using. Bake 15 to 18 minutes or until done, not  browned. Remove. From oven    *Meanwhile, heat unsalted butter in a large saute pan over medium. Add the  leek, mushrooms, zest and ground coriander seed; heat then add the mirin,  salt and pepper (if using). Soften for 10-15 minutes.    *Preheat oven to 475F. Make Parchment-paper envelopes: Fold single sheet of  parchment paper in half (to form squate) then cut large heart-shaped piece,  like a Valentine. Open and assemble potatoes, leeks, chanterelle,  mushrooms, bay scallops and a dollop (2 tablespoons) of truffle butter.  Fold and turn the cut edges into a hem that seals the envelope. Makes 10 to  15 minutes; serve in the paper; cutting an opening or lid in the top. Serve  with the mango sauce, garnished with tarragon just before serving.    SOURCES (12 Nov 97) Recipe by Katy Sparks, Executive chef, Quiltys, 177  Prince Street, New York, NY. draft: phannema@wizard.ucr.edu (13 nov 97)    METHOD: Food that cooks quickly, like chicken and seafood, lends itself to  the "en papillote" steaming technique (French for "in paper"). Choose a  couple of flavorful ingredients, like shallots and truffles or parsley and  lemon, and let them infuse a dish. The heart swells, and in a brief time  creates a dish that is moist, with flavorful broth.    Recipe by: Martha Stewart Living, TV, Nov 12, 1997    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #907 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Nov 13, 1997