Bbq Chicken Pizza
Red onion, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Warm water, Sugar, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, olive oil, Barbecue sauce, Mozzarella cheese, Filling, Salt, Barbecue sauce, smoked Gouda cheese, Crust, Yeast, Parsley, Bread flour, Chicken; skinless light meat, 
To make the crust:    1. Put water, flour, sugar, salt, yeast, and 1 tablespoon olive oil in  bread machine on dough cycle; allow to rise until doubled in bulk. This can  also be made without a bread machine: Mix crust ingredients and knead for  about five minutes. Let rise in warm place with no drafts.    2. Punch down dough and place in glass bowl with 1 teaspoon olive oil to  coat. Cover with plastic wrap and place in refrigerator overnight.    3. Punch down, separate into two balls, place in glass casserole dish,  cover with plastic wrap, and allow to rise until double in bulk.    4. Shape each piece into a 9-inch pizza.    To make BBQ chicken:    1. Cut the chicken breast into 3/4-inch cubes. In a large frying pan, cook  the chicken in olive oil over medium-high heat until just cooked, 5 to 6  minutes. Do not overcook. Set aside in the refrigerator until chilled  through. Once chilled, coat the chicken with 2 tablespoons of the barbecue  sauce; set aside in the refrigerator.    To make the pizza:    1. Place the pizza stone in the center of the oven and preheat to 500  degrees F for one hour before cooking pizzas.    2. Use a large spoon to spread 1/4 cup barbecue sauce evenly over the  surface of the prepared dough within the rim. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon smoked  Gouda cheese over the sauce. Cover with 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella.    3. Distribute half the chicken pieces evenly over the cheese (approximately  18 pieces). Place approximately 18 to 20 pieces of red onion over the  surface. Sprinkle an additional 1/4 cup mozzarella over the top of the  pizza.    4. Transfer the pizza to the pizza stone in the oven; bake until the crust  is crisp and golden and the cheese at the center is bubbly, 8 to 10  minutes. When the pizza is cooked, carefully remove from the oven; sprinkle  1 tablespoon parsley over the hot surface. Slice and serve.    5. Repeat with remaining ingredients for a second pizza. (The 2 pizzas may  be prepared simultaneously if you are careful in placing the pizzas at  opposite corners of your pizza stone.    Recipe by: California Pizza Kitchen Cookbook    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Deborah Kirwan <dkkirwan@CREIGHTON.EDU> on Jan  9, 1998