Stuffed Chicken "Chops"
Salt, Clove garlic, mashed to a, Grated lemon zest, Whole boned chicken breasts, Water, Fine dry bread crumbs, Minced fresh chives, Lemon juice, Vegetable oil for frying, Eggs, lightly beaten with:, All-purpose flour, Salt, Minced fresh parsley, Stick unsalted butter at, 
In a bowl stir together the butter, garlic paste, parsley, chives, lemon  juice, zest, salt and pepper to taste and on a sheet of waxed paper spread  into a 3-inch square. Wrap butter and chill until hard, about 1 hour. Cut  into 4 even pieces and reserve, chilled.    Cut each breast into 2 halves. Remove the tip and first joint of each wing.  With the back of a paring knife push the remaining skin down to the breast  so that the wing bone is exposed. Detach the fillet strip, or "tender,"  from each half. Using a meat pounder gently flatten each breast and  "tender" between sheets of plastic wrap to an even thickness of about  1/2-inch. Arrange breasts with the bone and smooth-side down on a work  surface. Sprinkle breast pieces with salt and pepper and put a chilled  piece of butter in the center of each breast. Place a flattened tender over  the butter. Enclose the butter with the chicken by folding bottom edge up  over butter, tightly roll side edges jelly-roll style and secure with  toothpicks. Arrange chicken, seam side down, in a shallow baking dish.  Cover and chill for at least 4 hours.    Dip breasts in flour, then in egg, then in bread crumbs to coat evenly.  Chill coated breasts for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.    In a large heavy skillet heat 1/2-inch of vegetable oil to 360 degrees F.  or until a bread cube turns golden brown in about 30 to 60 seconds.  Carefully lower two coated breasts into hot oil and fry until golden brown,  about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer browned chicken to paper towels to drain.  Allow oil to reheat to proper temperature. Fry remaining two breasts. Place  fried chicken in a shallow baking dish and bake, uncovered, for 15 minutes.  Serve immediately.    Yield: 4 servings    NOTES : Cooking Live    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL8853 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #547 by  Angele Freeman <jfreeman@netusa1.net> on Apr 3, 1997