Stuffed Chicken Breasts in Mushroom-Wine Sauce
Sun-dried tomatoes, oil packed, Chopped, Skinless boneless chicken breast, Fruity Italian white wine, Meat stock (veal), Heavy (double) cream, SAUCE--, Unsalted butter, FILLING --, Sliced, Unsalted butter, Grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and white pepper, Salt and pepper, nutmeg, All-purpose flour, Spinach, Sliced, Yellow onions, Fresh mushrooms caps, Garlic, Canola oil, Yellow onions, Chopped, Emmenthaler cheese, Chopped, 
FILLING -- In a frying pan over medium heat, melt the butter.  Add the  onion and saute for 1 minute. Raise the heat to medium-high, add the garlic  and spinach and saute until spinach is wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the  chopped tomatoes. Transfer the spinach mixture to a colander and, using the  back of a wood spoon, press gently against the mixture to remove any excess  moisture, then let cool.  Wipe the frying pan clean and set aside. Transfer  the spinach mixture to a bowl.  Stir in the Parmesan cheese, and season to  taste with salt and white pepper.  Set aside. Place each chicken breast  between sheets of plastic wrap and using a meat pounder, pound until 1/4  inch (6mm) thick.  Place 1 cheese slice on top of each pounded breast.  Spoon one-fourth of the spinach filling onto the bottom center of each  cheese slice and shape the filling into a log, being careful that it does  not protrude over the edges.  Fold the sides in toward the center and then,  beginning at the bottom end, roll up tightly. Secure with toothpicks.  Preheat oven to 425F/220C.  In the frying pan over medium-high heat, warm  the oil.  While the oil is heating, spread the flour on a plate. Roll the  stuffed chicken breasts in the flour, coating lightly and evenly. Add the  chicken to the pan and brown lightly on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Using a  slotted spatula, transfer the chicken to a baking dish. Place in the center  of the oven and immediately reduce the heat to 375F/190C. Bake until cooked  through, 10 to 12 minutes.  Transfer to warmed individual plates and let  stand for a few minutes.  Remove the toothpicks. WHILE the chicken is  baking, make the SAUCE. In a small frying pan over medium heat, melt the  butter.  Add the onion and saute until the edges begin to turn translucent,  about 2 minutes.  Pour in the wine and deglaze the pan by stirring to  dislodge any browned bits from the pan bottom.  Cook over medium heat until  the wine is reduced by half, about 2 minutes.  Add the stock and simmer  until reduced by half, 3 to 4 minutes.  Pour in the cream and simmer until  the sauce thickens slightly, 1 to 2 minutes.  Season to taste with salt and  pepper and freshly grated nutmeg.  Spoon the sauce over the chicken and  serve immediately.    Posted to Master Cook Recipes List, Digest #112    Date: Fri, 7 Jun 1996 12:04:13 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>    Recipe By     : Sunsets Trattoria:  Best of Casual Italian Cooking (1995)