Beans and Sausage
Garlic powder, Chili powder, Flour; unsifted, Sweet pepper flakes, Water, Bulk pork sausage, Instant minced onion, Tomatoes; (No. 10 can), Kidney beans; (No. 10 can)*, Salt, 
* A No. 10 can is the equivalent of 7 (16-oz) cans of kidney beans or 4  (28-oz) cans. Line four 8x8-inch baking pans with heat-resistant freezer  wrap.  Allow enough extra wrap to fold over top. Use one pan for each six  servings or one-fourth of the recipe. Do not line pans for food to be  served without freezing.    Crumble sausage; brown with onion and pepper flakes.  Drain off fat.  Add  beans, tomatoes, salt, chili powder, and garlic powder.  Mix flour and  water until smooth.  Stir into sausage mixture.  Simmer about 30 minutes or  until thickened, stirring occasionally.    TO SERVE WITHOUT FREEZING:  Serve hot mixture over cooked rice.    TO FREEZE:  Pour each part to be frozen into a baking pan.  Pack food  tightly to avoid air pockets.  Cool for 30 minutes at room temperature.  Complete wrapping by pulling paper up over top of food.  Put edges of wrap  together and fold several times so paper lies directly on top of food. Fold  ends of freezer wrap over the top and seal with freezer tape.  Label with  name of food, date of freezing, and last date the food should be used for  best eating quality (about 4 months).  Freeze immediately for 10 to 12  hours before removing packages from the pans.    TO HEAT FROZEN FOOD:  Preheat oven to 400? F. (hot).  Remove freezer wrap.  Place food in baking pan.  Heat 1 1/2 hours or until mixture is bubbly at  edges and center is hot.  Serve over cooked rice.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #184    Date: Mon, 05 Aug 1996 11:22:06 -0500    From: "R. Winters" <rosie@iadfw.net>  Serving Ideas : Serve over hot rice.    NOTES : This recipe is for 24 servings (about 1 cup each).  Directions       are=       given for dividing the prepared food into four parts of six       servings each. =       One part may be completely cooked and served at the time of       preparation. =       The remaining parts may be frozen.