Stuffed Cabbage with Rice and Mushroom Filling
Bay leaf, Vegetable stock, BOUQUET GARNI (tied in a cheesecloth bag), Salt, Sugar, Long-grain rice, cabbage, All-purpose flour, fresh dill, dill, Water, Onions, Apple cider vinegar, Fresh white mushrooms, crushed Italian ?, parsley, Black peppercorns, Imported dried mushrooms, Vegetable oil, black pepper, 
Note, you can substitute barley or buckwheat for the rice if desired. You  can serve this with sour cream if you like.    1. Soak the dried mushrooms in 1 cup water for 1 hour.  Drain the  mushrooms, dry, chop finely, and set aside. Strain the soaking liquid  through a coffee filter.    2. Combine the rice, 2 cups water, and the soaking liquid in a large pot  and bring to a boil.  Add the salt, reduce the heat to low, cover, and  simmer until the rice is almost tender and the liquid is absorbed, about       15    minutes.  Remove from heat.    3. Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat.  Add the onions and the dried mushrooms and saute, stirring, until the  onions are deeply browned, about 15 minutes.  Add to the rice and wipe out  the skillet.    4. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in the same skillet over medium-high heat.  Add the fresh mushrooms and saute until they are golden brown, about 15  minutes.  Add the mushrooms and dill to the rice.  Season with salt and  pepper and mix well.    5. Preheat the oven to 350 F.    6. Scald the cabbage leaves in salted boiling water for about 5 minutes.  Drain thoroughly and pat dry with paper towels.    7. With a sharp knife, cut out the tough center vein from each leaf. Divide  the stuffing evenly among the leaves, placing it toward the base of each  leaf.  Tuck in the sides, and roll the leaves up, pressing in the ends  firmly as you roll.    8. In a large ovenproof casserole or Dutch oven that can accomodate all the  rolls, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil over medium heat.  Roll the  stuffed rolls in flour and brown over medium heat on all sides, about 15  minutes.  Add the stock and tomatoes and bring to a boil.    9. Stir in the remaining ingredients.  Bake, uncovered, until the cabbage  is tender, about 40 minutes.  Remove the bouquet garni before serving.  Serves 4 to 6.    Recipe is from _Please to the Table, The Russian Cookbook_ by Anya von  Bremzen and John Welchman.    Posted to EAT-L Digest 23 November 96    Date:    Sun, 24 Nov 1996 13:45:13 EST    From:    Felicia Pickering <MNHAN063@SIVM.SI.EDU>