Strawberry-Rhubarb Pie (Prodigy)
Fresh, strained orange juice, Butter, Salt, STRAWBERRYRHUBARB FILLING, Orange liqueur, Fresh rhubarb, EGG WASH, Salt, All-purpose flour, Water, Cornstarch, Cake flour, FLAKY PASTRY DOUGH, Sugar, Grated orange zest, Unsalted butter, Strawberries, Cold water; or more, Egg yolk, Baking Powder, 
FLAKY PASTRY DOUGH: Combine dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir well  to mix. Add butter and rub in finely, making sure to leave the mixture cool  and powdery. Stir in half the water, adding more if the dough is dry and  does not come together. Press the dough together well, form into a disk,  wrap and chill. After preparing the filling, roll less than half the dough  on a floured surface and fit it into a 9-inch glass pie pan. Pour in the  filling and spread evenly on the dough. Roll the remaining dough to a  12-inch disk and cut into 1/2-inch strips. Flour a cookie sheet or cake  cardboard and arrange half the strips on it horizontally, about 1/2-inch  from each other. Weave in the other strips vertically, again about 1/2-inch  from each other, to form a woven perpendicular lattice. Chill the lattice  until firm.    STRAWBERRY-RHUBARB FILLING: For the filling, rinse, hull and slice  strawberries. Rinse, string and cut the rhubarb into 2-inch lengths. Bring  the sugar, water, orange juice and zest to a boil in a saucepan. Add  strawberries and rhubarb and return to simmer, stirring often. Dont  overcook. Drain well and reserve 1 cup of the liquid. Return reserved  liquid to boil. Combine the liqueur and cornstarch smoothly and stir into  the boiling liquid, continuing to stir and cook until clear and thickened.  Allow to simmer 1 minute, stirring. Stir in the drained fruit and the  butter. Chill while preparing top crust.    EGG WASH: Preheat oven to 375F and set a rack at the lowest level. Whisk  the yolk and salt together until liquid. Remove tart and lattice from  refrigerator. Paint lattice with egg wash and slide it onto the surface of  the filling. Trim away extra dough at edge of pan, pressing the edges of  the top crust well against the top edge of the bottom crust. Bake about 30  minutes, until well colored and gently bubbling. If top crust does not  color sufficiently, place pie on top rack of oven for 5 minutes. Cool  slightly and serve warm or at room temperature.    NICK MALGIERI - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK    