Stuffed Artichokes with Red Pepper Vinigrette
Garlic, Red bell pepper, finely, Lemons, halved, Water, White wine vinegar, Cayenne, to taste, olive oil, Fine dry bread crumbs, Grated Parmesan, Artichokes, Onion, finely chopped, Scallions, thinly sliced, Dried thyme, crumbled, 
Using a stainless-steel knife cut off the stems of artichokes and discard.  Break off the tough outer leaves and cut off the top fourth of the  artichokes. Using sharp kitchen scissors, snip off the tops of the  remaining leaves. Rub the cut edges with a lemon half.    Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the juice of the two  lemons reserving 3 tablespoons. Add the prepared artichokes to the boiling  water and cook for 20 to 30 minutes or just until a few leaves pull out  easily, taking care not to overcook the artichokes. Drain the artichokes,  place inverted on paper towels and allow to cool completely.    Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.    In a small heavy saucepan heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over moderately low  heat and cook the red bell pepper, reserving 1/4 cup for garnish, the  onion, and the garlic until softened. In a bowl combine the softened  vegetables, bread crumbs, scallion, cheese, thyme, cayenne, lemon juice and  2 tablespoons of remaining olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste.    Carefully spread open the center leaves of each artichoke and scrape out  the chokes with a small spoon. Spread the leaves of artichokes gently and  fill the center and spaces between the leaves with the stuffing. Arrange  the stuffed artichokes in a baking dish just large enough to hold them and  add enough water to cover bottom of dish. Drizzle 1 to 2 tablespoons of  remaining oil over artichokes and bake 12 to 15 minutes.    In a small bowl whisk together vinegar, remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil,  remaining 1/4 cup of red bell pepper, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve  warm artichokes drizzled with vinaigrette.    Yield: 4 servings    NOTES : (Adapted from a Gourmet Magazine recipe)    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL8843 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #523 by  Angele Freeman <jfreeman@netusa1.net> on Mar 19, 1997