Stuffed Peppers and Bruschetta
Fresh coriander/cilantro, Cayenne pepper, Thick slice bread, FF mayonnaise, Ready to eat dried apricots, Eggplant, Garlic, Banana shallot, Red wine vinegar, Chopped fresh basil plus, Goats cheese; but try ff, Fresh dill, Lime cut in half, Bulghar wheat, Yellow pepper, 
Another TV recipe (This time adapted from Ready Steady Cook)  Preheat oven to 220c/425f/gas 7. Preheat grill to high. Chop apricots.    For stuffed peppers.Soak bulghar wheat according to instructions on  packet.Cut tops off peppers and keep.Using a teaspoon remove the seeds from  peppers, blanch peppers and lids in boiling water for 3-4 minutes,  drain.Spray pan with lite spray oil add garlic aubergine/egg plant half  chopped shallot cook until softened.    Add chopped basil season and reserve 1 tbs of mixture.Use rest to fill the  red pepper.Replace lid and cook in oven for about 5-8 minutes or until  cooked through.    Place half the chopped apricots in base of the yellow pepper.Drain softened  bulghar wheat, reserve 1 tbs and use rest to fill the yellow pepper.Top  with the FF soft cheese and grill for about 3 minutes until cheese has  started to soften.    pray pan with lite oil spray.Add remaining chopped apricots and shallot,  cook until softened.Add red wine vinegar, simmer.Add chopped dill season  Serve peppers on a plate with the chutney.    For Bruschetta pray griddle pan with lite oil spray.Season bread with black  pepper add to the pan with lime halves.Cook bread on both sides until  golden.Mix FF mayonnaise with chopped coriander/cilantro.Place bread on a  plate.    Mix reserved aubergine/egg plant mixture and bulghar wheat, spoon onto  bread and top with the mayonnaise.Serve with griddled limes and garnish  with basil leaves.    The programme also made an apricot tart which looked very nice but the  recipe is not suitable for this list as it contained butter but if anyone  wants a copy (it looked very easy to make)just e-mail me and Ill send it  on to you.  Posted to fatfree digest by Maralyn <maralyn.olsen@virgin.net> on May 30,  1998