Stuffed Chard in Red Wines with Cremini Mushrooms (Tuscan)
THE STUFFING, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Saffron strands; soaked in 1, Toasted pine nuts; chopped, Red chard leaves; *see note, Celery stalk; strings pulled, Dry Red Wine, THE MUSHROOM SAUCE, Salt and pepper, Eggs, Onion; minced, Cremini mushrooms; cleaned, Unsalted butter, Carrot; scraped and minced, Cooked short grain rice, Vegetable stock, Chopped fresh parsley, 
1. Parboil the chard leaves until flexible. Refresh in cold water to stop  the cooking. Using a sharp paring knife, remove the stems and reserve for  another use.    2. For the stuffing: Heat the oil in a skillet. Saute the onion, carrot,  and celery over low heat until the vegetables are soft and the flavors have  melded. Transfer to a bowl. Strain the saffron over a glass (reserving the  liquid) and add the threads to the bowl along with the rice, pine nuts,  parsley and eggs. Mix well and season with salt and pepper.    3. For the mushroom sauce: Heat the butter in a skillet and, when melted,  saute the mushrooms over low heat until they are soft and paste-like. Add    the wine, reserved saffron liquid and vegetable stock and simmer over  medium heat for 10 minutes.    4. Place 4 tablespoons stuffing in the center of each chard leaf. Fold into  square packets and place, seam side down, in an ovenproof casserole large  enough to hold all of them in one layer. Pack them closely so they cannot  unroll. Pour in the mushroom wine sauce until it barely covers the packets.  Cover and cook in a PREHEATED 350-degree oven for 1 hour. Serve the packets  from the casserole using the braising liquid as a sauce.    SERVES 4; TIME: 2 hours; Moderate DIFFICULTY mc-PER SERVING 39% cff:  677cals; 28g fat    VARIATIONs: Cabbage leaves can be used in place of chard. Packets can also  be cooked over a medium-hot grill or beneath a broiler for 2-3 minutes on  each side until browned but not charred.    MAKE AHEAD: The stuffing blend can be prepared up to 4 hours in advance and  refrigerated. The chard leaves can be parboiled up to 1 day in advance and  refrigerated.    >"Bietola Ripiena," or "Stuffed Chard Packets Braised in Red Wines with  Cremini Mushrooms," From SOLO VERDURA, by Anne Bianchi (Ecco, 1997).  >Edited by Pat Hanneman 3/98    Notes: Every culture has its tradition of wrapped leaves simmered in a  savory sauce. In Tuscany, the leaf of choice is often chard which is large  (about 9-inch in diameter) and sturdy enough to contain any combination of  stuffing ingredients. The following recipe is a variation on one made for  me by a friend in Lucca. In Place of Mirellas meat filling, I have  substituted saffron and pine nuts which blend beautifully with the wine and  mushroom soffrito in which it cooks.    Recipe by: SOLO VERDURA, by Anne Bianchi    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 26,  1998