Stuffed Lamb ) Marian Russell
Dried Apricots, fine chopped, Raspberry (or Red, Egg yolk, Salt and pepper, Fruit Chutney, Onion, finely chopped, Green Peppercorns, crushed, Fresh bread crumbs, Brandy, Stuffing **, Lamb Shoulder, boned, Vegetable oil, Butter, 
Prepare the stuffing:    Melt the butter, add the finely chopped onion and saute for 1 minute. Stir  in the finely chopped apricot and saute until the onion is tender (about 5  minutes). Remove from the heat, stir in the crushed peppercorns and chutney  and cool for 5 minutes. Stir in the egg yolk and breadcrumbs.    Stuff and roast the lamb:    Heat the oven to 180o C (350o F). Open up the lamb shoulder fat side down  and put the stuffing along the center. Roll up the lamb and shove it into  the netting (or tie with string at 1 inch intervals). Rub outside of lamb  with a mixture of salt and pepper, then rub the vegetable oil all over. Put  the jam in a small pan with the brandy and begin to heat it over low heat.  Place the lamb on a baking tray and bake for 1 1/2 to 2 hours (until meat  thermometer registers 180o F), basting regularly with the jam/brandy  mixture.    I couldnt find lamb shoulder, so I used a boned and butterflied leg of  lamb instead.    The chutney I used was a sweet/mild mango chutney.    Instead of raspberry or red currant jam, I had a jar of habanero-peach  preserves that I decided to use as a glaze.  I was a little concerned that  it might be too spicy, but the habanero mellowed nicely, so there was a  touch of heat, but it was mild enough for all attending. For those who are  interested, the preserves were Stonewall brand, and I got them from Fire  Eaters (http://www.netjammer.com/Fire-Eaters/), a local purveyor of gourmet  salsas, etc. which also happens to be owned by my officemate, so I get  delivery charges waived :).    The recipe says cook to an internal temp of 180F, but that seemed awfully  high to me.  I pulled the roasts out when the center (stuffing) registered  160F, and let them rest 20 minutes or so.  That was plenty of cooking. In  fact, though everyone said it was fine, next time Id consider pulling them  out even a little sooner (like 150-155F in the center).    From: Steve Thomas Chile-Heads List *