Stuffed Crown Roast of Pork
white bread cubes, sweet red pepper, Salt, Paper booties, Celery, Dried marjoram leaves, Onions, sweet green pepper, crown roast of pork, olive oil, Water, Dried thyme leaves, Cracked black pepper, fresh parsley leaves, 
NOTE: You may ask your butcher to shape and tie a crown roast for you  or select two center pork loins at your supermarket and have the  service department saw between the ribs, then follow the above  directions.    1. Heat oven to 325F. Place roast, bone ends up, on wire rack in  shallow roasting pan. Cover bone tips with pieces of aluminum foil.  Roast pork 2 hours.    2. Meanwhile, in large skillet, heat oil. Add celery, onion, and  peppers; saute vegetables until lightly browned. Remove from heat and  add marjoram, pepper, thyme, salt, and water. Stir to loosen  browned-on bits.    3. In large bowl, combine bread cubes, parsley, and mixture from  skillet. Toss until well mixed and all bread has been moistened.  Cover, and set aside.    4. When pork has roasted 2 hours, remove from oven. Spoon bread  mixture into center of crown. With serving spoon, drizzle some of pan  drippings over stuffing. Return to oven and bake 30 to 45 minutes  more or until meat thermometer inserted into thickest part of roast  registers 155F. Remove from oven and. allow pork to stand 5 to 10  minutes until meat temperature rises to 160F. Allow pork to rest 10  to 15 minutes before carving. Transfer to serving plate; remove foil  from bones. Decorate rib bones with paper booties or kumquats, if  desired.    5. To carve the roast, use a sharp carving knife and a two-pronged  carving fork. Slice down between the ribs, removing one chop at a  time. Spoon stuffing onto each serving.    Paper Booties: Cut desired number of 4-inch squares from writing or  wrapping paper. One at a time, fold squares in half gently without  creasing paper at fold. Make cuts 1/8 inch apart through fold to  within 1/4 inch of cut edges. To attach to rib bones, carefully wrap  uncut ends of paper strips around bones and secure with tape.    Country Living Holidays/1994 Scanned & edited by Di Pahl & <gg>    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip