Stuffed Lobster Tails
water chestnut, GARNISH, PORTUGUESE SAUCE, Salt, Fresh lobsters, Curry powder, Eggs, salt, Butter, lobster meat, skinless raw, , Cornstarch, Stock, STUFFING, dried scallops, Stock, Evaporated milk, abalone, Chinese, CORNSTARCH MIXTURE, Cooking oil, Cooking oil, Flour, Onion, COATING, Coconut juice, dry shallots, Bread crumbs, 
This is a relatively simple one.  From the picture in the book, the  lobsters are Australian rock lobsters or spiney lobsters.  Theyre  much smaller that our Maine lobsters.  This probably fits the bill  for the "New" Hong Kong cuisine in that it uses butter and milk.  Id  think this would probably be quite good made with Dungeness crab as  well as lobster. Establishment: The Regent Hotel (Hong Kong)  Salisbury Road, Tsimshatsui, Kowloon.    Chef: Chinese Cuisine Practical Class Platinum Award ++ Seafood  STUFFED LOBSTER TAILS (12 servings) Chef: Ip Wah (The Regent Hotel)    The literal translation, "Healthy and Spirited Dragon and Horse"  cannot convey the symbolic values of the poetically rhyming Chinese  characters. In the Cantonese dialect, a lobster is a "dragon shrimp"  and the word for "horse" sounds similar to part of "water chestnut".  Both creatures summon up images of power, stamina, elegance and other  desired virtues.    To prepare: 1. Soak and wash dried scallops. Shred and deep-fry until  crisp, and put aside for garnish. If using red pepper, chop finely. 2.  Remove lobster shells.  Retain tails and clean.  Set aside enough  uncooked lobster meat required for stuffing, and dice it fairly  finely. Chop remaining lobster meat into small square chunks. 3.  Prepare cornstarch mixture, mixing well.    To cook: 1. For Portuguese sauce, heat butter over low flame, add  flour, then rest of sauce ingredients.  Cook into a paste, set aside.  2. For stuffing, saute ingredients in a little oil over low flame.  Add Portuguese sauce.  Remove from heat and when cooled, stuff into  lobster tail shells. Brush exposed stuffing with egg, sprinkle with  bread crumbs. 3. Heat until smoking, sufficient oil for deep-frying,  lower flame, and immerse stuffed lobster tails (stuffing facing  upwards) for 5 minutes, or until golden. Remove from wok.  (Alternatively, bake unbread-crumbed stuffed lobster tails in a hot  oven for 3 to 5 minutes, until surfaces are dry. Brush with egg and  coat with bread crumbs, bake again until golden.) 4. For lobster meat  chunks, heat wok, add 4 to 5 cups of oil.  When oil is at medium heat  add lobster meat and blanch to seal in the juice. Remove lobster.  Clean and reheat wok with 1/2 cup oil, and stir-fry lobster with  diced water chestnut (or celery) and cornstarch mixture for 1 minute.    To present: 1. Place stir-fried mixture in centre of platter, and  sprinkle shredded dried scallops (or chopped red pepper) over. 2.  Arrange lobster tails in a circle around it.    From "Champion Recipes of the 1986 Hong Kong Food Festival".  Hong  Kong Tourist Association, 1986.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 28 1992.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip