Stuffed Chicken Provencal-Martha Stewart Living
Olive oil, plus more for, Shallots, minced, Dried tarragon, Chopped fresh tarragon OR, Zest of 1 lemon, Bread crumbs, made from a, Onion, peeled and chopped, Salt & freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh rosemary, 3-lb chicken, preferably, Chopped pitted Gaeta or oil-, Dry white wine, Chopped flat-leaf parsley, Cloves garlic, peeled and, 
1. Using poultry shears, split chicken down the center of the backbone.  With a knife, crack the breastbone so it will lie flat. Lay chicken on a  work surface skin side up, legs pointing away from you.    2. Loosen skin by working your hand under the end facing you, working down  to and including the drumsticks, being careful not to tear the skin. Leave  skin attached at bottom of breast. Season chicken with salt and pepper, rub  skin with a little olive oil, and refrigerate until needed.    3. Place oil and garlic in a large saute pan. Cook over low heat for 1  minute. Add shallots and o@on and cook over medium heat, stirring  occasionally, until soft and transparent, about 20 minutes. Add olives and  lemon zest, and cook 1 to 2 minutes more. Add wine and turn up heat. Cook  until just a little liquid remains, about 2 minutes. Stir in herbs and  bread crumbs, season with pepper, and set aside to cool.    4. Distribute stuffing evenly beneath chicken skin, starting at legs and  working back toward breast. With clean hands, smooth the surface. Cut a  small slit in the web of skin between each thigh and bottom of breast; tuck  in ends of drumsticks. (Bird can be prepared a day ahead to this point.)    5. Heat oven to 375. Reform the bird into its original shape and wrap a  string around it underneath the drumsticks; pull string tight to plump bird  up, and tie a knot. Tuck wings underneath and place bird in a roasting pan.  Roast, basting often, for 1 to 1 1/4 hours. Remove from oven and let  chicken rest for 10 minutes, To carve, cut breasts from the bones in one  piece, then slice crosswise with a serrated knife.    Martha Stewart Living/Feb. & March/94 Scanned & fixed by Di and Gary  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V4 #037 by John Merkel <jmerk@doitnow.com> on  Feb 4, 1997.