Beans with Black Cabbage, Tuscan Style
Dry cannellini beans, Salt, Parsley, Pancetta, Onion, Thyme, Black Tuscan cabbage, Leeks, tomatoes, Celery, Carrots, basil leaves, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Black pepper, 
Soak the beans in a generous quantity of water overnight. The following  morning, drain, put them in a pot with 2 qts. of lightly salted cold water,  and let cook for 1 1/2 hours.    Clean, wash and slice the cabbage, carrots, onion and the leeks. Make a  battuto with celery, basil and parsley. Thinly slice the pancetta. Put a  pot on the stove with the oil, adding everything you have cut and minced  (except the cabbage). Saute over a low flame until the vegetables begin to  get tender. Then add the cabbage and continue to cook over a low flame so  that the vegetables can stew well. Add the tomatoes (peeled and chopped), a  pinch of thyme and a pinch of pepper, and continue to cook over a low heat,  stirring frequently.    Pass about half the beans in a food sieve and add the resulting puree to  the vegetables. Add this to the beans and their broth, stir well and let  cook for one more hour. Offer extra virgin olive oil on the side.    TIP: Always add more broth if soup gets too thick.    >"Fagioli con cavolo nero alla toscana," recipe from Italian food and med  diet - southern europe, Sicily. (slow page)  http://www.osolemio.it/meddiet/default.nclk 1998: O-solemio is an e-zine  about Italy.    Notes: Italian cabbages: Savoy Cabbage and Head Cabbage (Verza e cavolo  cappuccio): These belong to the same family as broccoli and cauliflower and  are primarily a winter vegetable. Savoy cabbages have compact heads of  wrinkled, curry leaves, dark green on the outside and lighter in the  inside. Head cabbages also have compact heads, but with smooth, light green  leaves; they are more delicate in taste than the Savoy. The leaves of the  head cabbage can also be russet or violet in color (known in Italy as  cavolonero, Tuscan cabbage or black cabbage). Both of them may be eaten  raw, cut in thin strips and seasoned with oil, vinegar, salt and pepper, or  may be stewed or cooked in savory pies and soups. Substitute savoy cabbage.  If you want the color, try raddichio or red cabbage.    >Edited by Pat Hanneman 98-Mar    Recipe by: The Basics of Italian Cuisine: Med-diet    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 23,  1998