Stuffed Peppers with Sauteed Meat
Parmesan cheese, grated, WITHOUT FRYING, Ground veal, or beef, Onion, milk, Ground beef, Flour, Egg, Green bell peppers, Worcestershire Sauce, Salt, Dried minced onions, Egg, Pepper, Garlic, Long-grain white rice,, Long-grain white rice,, Butter, olive oil, STUFFING VARIATION, Tomato juice, Tomato sauce, Tomato juice, Water, Salt, Pepper, 
To cook reduced quantities: reduce all ingredients proportionately except  water; do not reduce water at all.    1. Cut a hole (about 1 1/2 inches across) in the top of each green pepper  and lift away core. Trim and reserve caps. empty green pepper shells;  discard seeds and pith.    2. Heat oil in cooker on medium-high heat. Add meat, onion and garlic.  Breaking up lumps, stir fry till meat is no longer red. Remove cooker from  heat. Add remaining ingredients except water. Mix.    3. Fill peppers with mixture. Cover with caps. Wipe inside of cooker with a  paper towel.    4. Pour water into cooker. Put grid in cooker. Stand peppers on grid.    5. Close cooker. Bring to full pressure on high heat. Reduce heat, and cook  for 6 minutes.    6. Remove cooker from heat. Allow to cool naturally for 5 minutes. Press  finger-tip control lightly to release pressure.    7. Open cooker. Remove peppers using 2 serving spoons. Serve hot,  surrounded with tomato sauce.    Variation: 1. Prepare peppers as given in preceding step 1.    2. In a bowl, mix meat, rice, salt, pepper and onion. Stir in milk, tomato  juice and egg. Fill peppers with mixture. Cover with caps.    3. Follow steps 4 to 7 increasing the pressure cooking time in step 5 to       15    minutes.    Tomato Sauce: Melt butter in a pan on medium heat. Sprinkle in flour and  cook on low heat, stirring constantly with a wire whisk, for about 3  minutes. Remove pan from heat. Still using whisk, gradually add tomato  juice. Return pan to medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce  thickens (approximately 4 minutes). Continue cooking, stirring constantly  for 5 minutes.    Recipe by: Hawkins Futura Cookbook - 1987 Supplement Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #569 by Rooby <MsRooby@sprintmail.com> on Apr 15, 1997