Stuffed Eggplant Casserole
Beef; ground, or, Pine nuts, Onion; grated, plus, Water, Garlic; chopped, Vegetable oil, Cloves; ground, Sugar, Parsley, Bay leaf, Salt, Cinnamon; ground, Pepper; freshly ground to, Eggplants; Italian, 4- or, Jalapeno; finely minced, or, Green bell pepper; cored,, Tomatoes; seeded and thinly, Lamb; ground, Parsley; chopped, plus, Water, Allspice; ground, Tomato paste, Onion, Nutmeg; grated, 
From: Joel Ehrlich <Joel.Ehrlich@SALATA.COM>    Date: Mon, 24 Jun 1996 09:57:38 -0800    Brown the nuts in 1/4 of the oil in a (9") skillet.  Add the meat.  Cook  until brown and crumbly, (1 to 2 minutes.) Add the grated onion and the  first measure of water. Cook for two minutes more. Stir in the spices, one  third of the tomato paste, the first measure of parsley and salt and  pepper.  Set aside. Remove 1/2" wide vertical strips of peel all around the  eggplants, leaving 1" between them. Heat another 1/4 of the oil in a large  nonstick skillet over moderate heat. Cook the eggplants, tightly covered,  until the flesh is golden and tender, (about 15 minutes), turning them over  halfway through the cooking. Cool on racks over paper towels. Discard the  oil from the skillet. Add the remaining oil and the chopped onion, garlic,  bay leaf and peppers. Cook, uncovered, for five minutes, stirring. Dissolve  the remaining tomato paste in the second measure of water. Add it to the  pan. Cook one minute longer. Season with salt, pepper and sugar. Set aside.  Press open one of the striped sides of each eggplant to form a small  cavity. Spread the meat filling in each, about two tablespoons per  eggplant. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Spread the vegetable sauce on  the bottom of a (12") baking dish. Arrange the eggplants in it. Top with  the tomato slices. Cover with foil. Bake 45 minutes. Uncover. Bake 15  minutes longer.  Sprinkle with the second measure of parsley. Serve hot.    EAT-L Digest 24 June 1996    From the EAT-L recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.