Stuffed Caribbean Pork Roast
Green onions, Garlic, Fresh lime juice, Ground nutmeg, celery, Garlic, Lime zest, Center-cut loin pork roast, Margarine, Pineapple juice, Hot chili pepper, Ground allspice, Fresh lime juice, Green onions, Jarlsberg cheese, Ginger, Cayenne pepper, banana, Dried thyme leaves, Jerk seasoning, JERK SEASONING, Rice, crushed pineapple, Dark rum, 
TO PREPARE JERK SEASONING: Combine green onions, garlic, chili pepper,  allspice, thyme, nutmeg, cayenne, and lime juice in a blender; puree the  mixture. Store in a covered glass container in the refigerator. Makes 1/3  cup.   To use, rub 2 teaspoons jerk seasoning over the surface of the meat. Let  stand at least one hour before cooking. Overnight marinating enhances  flavor.     PREPARE MEAT: Have butcher crack the rib bone along the length for easy  serving. Cut pockets across the loin at 3/4" intervals to hold the  stuffing. Rub jerk seasoning over roast, place in oven roasting bag and  refigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.   To calculate microwave cooking time, allow 12-13 minutes per pound of  roast on medium (50 %) power.   Combine celery, onions, garlic and margarine in a 2-quart glass measure;  cover with vented plastic wrap and microwave on high 2 1/2 minutes. Add  rice, pineapple, banana, cheese, lime zest, lime juice, rum, pineapple  juice and ginger; stir to combine.   Spoon stuffing into pockets in roast and place the remainder in a 1-quart  casserole. Return roast to oven cooking bag and close the end of the bag  loosley, leaving an opening the diameter of a quarter. Place bag with meaty  side down in a 2-quart rectangular dish. Microwave on medium power for half  the calculated time.   Turn roast over and continue to microwave on medium for remainder of the  time determined. At the end of the cooking time, roast should reach 150  degrees internally. Cover with foil and let stand 10 minutes until  temperature has reached 160 degrees. If it has not, remove foil and  microwave meat 5-10 minutes longer, or until it reaches the temperature.   During standing time, microwave remaining stuffing on high 3 minutes.    Source: Houston Chronicle    