Pecan Praline Bars with Coffee Glaze
SEDGWICK (XPST31A, Cinnamon, Pecan halves, Egg whites, at room, Vanilla, (optional), Pecan halves*, Potato starch, CAKE, Firmly packed Light brown, Instant coffee powder, Salt, Egg yolks, at room temp, Brown sugar, firmly packed, Sugar, Hot water, 
* lightly toasted and finely grated. Cake:Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.  Grease 9X9 inch baking pan. Line bottom of the pan with parchment and  grease the paper.    Using electric mixer beat yolks; sugar and vanilla until slowly dissolving  ribbon forms when beaters are lifted. Using clean dry beaters now beat the  egg whites with salt in a large bowl until stiff but not dry. Gently fold  in pecans, cinnamon and 1/3 of the whites into the yolk mixture. Fold the  resultant egg yolk mixture back into the remaining egg whites and turn the  batter into prepared pan, spread evenly.    Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until the top is brown and the tester comes  out clean. Turn off oven. Run knife around the edge of the cake to loosen.  Let stand in turned off oven for 15 min. leaving the over door ajar. Remove  from oven and cool completely in the pan on a rack.    Glaze:Mix sugar and starch in a heavy small sauce pan. Dissolve coffee  mixture in the hot water. Stir coffee into the sugar mixture and simmer  over medium low heat until thickened stirring constantly (2 min.) Remove  from heat stir briskly to dissipate foam. Assembly: Invert cake on rack,  discarding the parchment. Reinvert onto a platter. Drizzle hot glaze over  the top spreading evenly. Let stand until glaze is firm. Cut into twelve  and top each piece with a glazed pecan.    GLAZED PECANS: Oil a baking sheet. Heat sugar in heavy skillet over low  heat stirring frequently until sugar dissolves. Then increase heat to  medium-low and cook the syrup until it is a golden brown. Stir in the  Pecans. Transfer the coated pecans to the baking sheet. Using a fork  separate nuts and arrange with rounded side up. Cool completely There you  are I promise to post them NOT adding my long boring dissertations about  Hawaii, religions and ethnic groups throughout the central and south  Pacific. Or at least I will try not to! At times I get carried away.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #102 by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net>  on Mar 27, 1997