Beef Chunks Cooked in Coconut Milk
2" stick cinnamon, Garlic, 12 slices dried galingal, Red bell pepper, 3" cube fresh galingal OR, Stewing beef, cut into 1-2", Salt, Cloves, Fresh/dried kaffir lime, Fresh/dried curry leaves OR, Of lemon peel, 1" cube fresh ginger, Leaves OR a 3 X 1/4" strip, Sticks fresh lemon grass OR, Coconut milk, Cubes, Dried red chillies, Dried bay leaves, Dried sliced lemon grass, Shallots or onions, 
If you are using fresh galingal, peel and coursely chop it and set it  aside.  If you are using dried galingal, combine it in a cut with 4  tablespoons of water. If you are using fresh lemon grass, cut of the  straw-like top, leaving about 6" of the bottom. lightly crush the very  bottom and set it aside.  If you are using dried lemon grass, put it into  the water along with the galingal. Crumble and break the dried red chillies  and cinnamon into enough water to cobver and add them to the dried galingal  and dried lemon grass if you are using them. Also put in the cloves. Soak  the spices for 30 mins.  Cut the red pepper coarsely inot dice, discarding  all the seeds.  Peel and coarsely chop the shallots/onions, ginger and  garlic. In an electric blender, combine the soaked spices and their liquid,  the frsh galingal (if you are using it), the chopped red pepper, shallots,  ginger and garlic. Blend until smooth. Into a wide, preferably non-stick  pan put the paste from the blender, the fresh lemon grass (if using), the  curry leaves and kaffir lime leaves (or lemon rind). Stir the coconut milk  well until smooth and pour that in as well. Bring to the boil, stirring  occasionally.  Turn the heat to medium and cook the sauce for 15 mins,  stirring now and then to prevent curdling. Put in the meat and salt and  bring to the boil again. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook, uncovered for 1  hour, stirring occasionally. Turn the heat up to medium-high and continue  to cook, stirring now and then for a further 30 mins or until the sauce  becomes thick and brown and the meat tender. This is now called KALIYO  DAGING, if you continue to cook until the sauce dissappears its called  RENDANG DAGING.