Beef and Polenta Casserole
Mushroom; small, Olives; small, pitted, Cheddar cheese; shredded, olive oil, White cornmeal, Egg, Beef round; cut in 1-inch, All-purpose flour, Dijon mustard, Cloves garlic; sliced, milk, Fresh ground black pepper, Parmesan cheese, Capers, Water, Small onion; peeled, 
Several hours or the day before serving, prepare polenta triangles. Grease  a 9-inch-square baking pan. Finely chop 2 onion. In 2-quart saucepan, saute  chopped onions in 1 tsp. olive oil until golden.  Carefully stir in mil,  then stir in cornmeal, 3/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper. Heat polenta  mixture to boiling over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Reudce heat to  low, cover, and cook without stirring for 5 minutes.    In small bowl, lightly beat egg. Gradually stir a little of the hot polenta  into the gg; then stir the egg-and-polenta mixture into the pot of polenta.  Cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute.  Pour polenta into greased pan. Spread  to make surface level.  Cool to room temperature on wire rack.  Cover and  refrigerate until firm--several hours or overhight.    Three hours before serving, prepare beef filling: Heat oven to 350F.  In  large skillet, heat remaining oil.  Saute beef cubes, half at a time, until  well browned on all sides.  Remove beef cubes to 1 1/2-quart casserole or  souffle dish as browned.    In same skillet, saute remaining 6 onion, the mushrooms, and garlic until  golden.  Remove to casserole and toss with beef.    Carefully add 1 cup water to skillet; heat to boiling. In cup or small  bowl, stir together remaining 1/2 cup water, the flour, mustard, the  remaining 3/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper. Stir into boiling water in  skillet to make sauce. Cook, stirring to loosen browned-on bits, until  thickened.  Stir in olives and capers. Pour sauce over beef mixture in  casserole.  Cover and bake    1 1/2    hours.    With sharp knife, cut polenta into 4 1/2-inch squares; cut squares  diagonally in half to make 8 triangles. Remove lid from casserole; arrange  polenta triangles, spoke-fashion, on top of beef mixture. Sprinkle with  cheeses.    Bake casserole, uncovered, 30 minutes longer or until beef is tender and  polenta triangles are browned on edges.  Serve from casserole.    NOTES : Start this recipe in the morning or the day before serving.  Posted to recipelu-digest by Nesb2 <Nesb2@aol.com> on Mar 2, 1998