Pecan Smoked Tenderloins
Sesame oil, Garlic, -(up to), Dry ginger -OR-, Honey, Grated fresh ginger -OR-, Slices; easier  to pick out, Brown sugar, Pork tenderloin, Soy sauce, 
From: miker@tpsparc.cv.com (Mike Roberts)    Date: Wed, 31 Jul 96 13:27:31 EDT  Combine all ingredients in a shaker and shake like the dickens.  I like to  use whole fresh ginger sliced into pieces 1/8-1/4 inch thick. That way I  can remove them before grilling. I am not a big ginger fan, thus my slicing  idea. I really think ginger can over power milder woods too. However, if  you like ginger then go for the grated ginger.    Marinate for at least 2hrs. or longer. I like overnight.    Start your fire and put on your smokin wood, I like pecan for this but use  what you prefer. Any flavor should be fine.    Sear over direct heat for about 5-8 min. On a gas grill reduce the heat to  medium and move to *indirect* heat for about 35-40 min.  (That simply means  to leave one sides burner ON and put the meat on the other, OFF, side.)    For charcoal grills, still do indirectly, but just go with the flow.  If  youre using a kettle type cooker and have the coals piled up high, watch  your meat thermometer. Actually, watch your thermometer whatever you do.    Exact times are not really needed if you use a thermometer. The digital  probe thermometer is made for this kind of recipe. Set the temp watch for  155 temp. and go about your business.    Tenderloins go from perfect to dry rather quickly. They are easy if you  just watch the internal temperature closely. Cook them to an internal  temperature of 155 deg. then transfer the loins to foil for 10 min. The  tenderloins will complete their cooking to 160deg. in the foil. The  internal temp. of 160 is perfect to produce moist tender tenderloins. Great  tasting. Be careful not to spill the juices that will pool in the foil.  Pour this juice over the loins in your serving plate.    Preparation Time: 10 minutes Cooking Time: 30 minutes or so    bbq-digest V2 #060    From the BBQ recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.