Stuffed Onion Leaves
Long grain rice, soaked in, Very large yellow onions (up, Ripe tomatoes, diced, Fresh ground pepper and salt, Beef stock, olive oil, Ground lean lamb or beef, Ground cinnamon, Ground allspice, 
This is from the Fugal Gourmets first book.    ONION LEAVES    Place the whole unpeeled onions (the larger the better) in a pot, and cover  with water. Bring the water to a boil, then turn down to a simmer. Cover,  and simmer the onions for 20 minutes. Remove, drain, and cool the onions so  that you can handle them.    FILLING    Mix together the lamb or beef. Add the cinnamon, allspice, pepper, salt and  rice. Mix well, and then add the tomatoes. Genly mix again, being careful  not the squeese the juice out of the tomatoes.    (the above recipe is Armenian. If you would like to give it a Moroccan  flavor you can add cardamon and dill to the filling)    GRAND CONSTRUCTION    Cut the top and the bottom from the cooked unpeeled onions. Slice into the  onion by making a cut down the side of the onion that goes to the center of  the onion. Remove the outer skin, and then, very carefully, remove the  large outer leaves of the onion. (save the center of the onion, the core,  for some other dish.) You will get about 5 or 6 outer leaves from each  large onion.    Place a bit of the filling in the middle of each onion leaf, and roll it up  like a fat sausage. The skins will preactically roll themselves, so let the  onion do the work.    When all are rolled, select a large frying pan with a tight fitting lid (a  heavy kettle will do also; you need something large enought to hold all the  onion rolls in ONE layer). When the pan is hot, add a bit of olive oil and  then the stuffed onions, all in one layer. Cook for a few minutes on medium  heat until they begin barely to brown on the bottom. Add the beef stock and  cover. Simmer for 40 minutes, and enjoy.    Serve with a light salad and a side of green vegetables.    serves 6 - 8    If making for Pesach you can use a little matzo meal or farfel in place of  the rice. Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #124 by BUBBEG@aol.com on Apr  17, 1997