Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Walnut Sauce
Poblano chiles, Ripe; firm peaches, peeled, Vegetable oil for frying, Salt; and freshly ground, Pomegranate seeds, Green or other cooking, Dark or golden raisins;, Ripe tomatoes (about 2, Unsalted butter or vegetable, Onions; diced, Dry sherry, Preserved citron; diced, Shredded pork butt, Italian parsley leaves, Walnut sauce; recipe follows, Ripe plantains; skin removed, 
Heat a heavy cast-iron skillet or griddle over high heat until a drop of  water sizzles on contact. Roast tomatoes, turning several times, until  blistered on all sides. (Alternatively, roast them under a preheated  broiler, turning several times.) Cool just enough to handle. Peel the  tomatoes, remove the seeds and chop finely. Set aside. Make a small (1 to 1  1/2-inch long) lengthwise slit in each chile. Pour oil into a large heavy  skillet to a depth of about 1/2-inch and heat over high heat until very hot  but not quite smoking. Fry the chiles, 3 at a time, turning once or twice,  until they puff up and take on an olive-beige color. Remove from pan as  they are done. Carefully peel chiles under cold running water. Very gently  pull out seeds through the slit in each chile, being sure not to tear the  flesh. Set aside. Dice the fresh and dried fruits and set aside.    In a large skillet, melt butter or vegetable oil over medium heat until  very hot and fragrant. Add onion and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add  fresh and dried fruit and saute for 3 minutes. Add spices and pork and  cook, stirring to combine, for 2 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper  to taste.    Carefully spoon the mixture into the chiles through the slit in each.  Preheat oven and bake on greased baking sheet or shallow pan for 5 minutes.    Cover the chiles with the Walnut Sauce and sprinkle with Pomegranate seeds  and a few leaves of Italian parsley. Chiles may be served warm or at room  temperature.    Yield: 6 servings    WALNUT SAUCE    2 cups walnuts, thin skin removed 1 pound queso fresco or cream cheese 1  cup milk 2 small bread rolls, soaked in milk until soft and squeezed dry  2/3 cup dry sherry 1/2 teaspoon ground true Ceylon cinnamon or use 1/4  teaspoon U. S. cinnamon 1 tablespoon sugar, or to taste Salt, to taste    Soak the walnuts in cold water or milk to cover, for 3 hours or overnight.  Remove the paper-like skins. Tweezers might make this job easier. Discard  the soaking liquid.    Grind the walnuts in a food processor or blender with the bread, cheese,  cream or milk, sherry, cinnamon, sugar and salt.    Yield: about 3 cups    Recipe by: CHEF DU JOUR SHOW #DJ9161    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 261 by Peg Baldassari  <Baldassari@compuserve.com> on Nov 16, 1997