Stuffed Jalepeno Peppers
AUNT JAMIMA CORN MEAL MIX, Garlic powder, Onion powder, WHOLE, MICKEY TURNERS STUFFING, GROUND SAUSAGE, SELF RISING FLOUR, YELLOW ONION, Eggs, SHARP CHEDDAR, Black pepper, Paprika, Peanut oil, BUTTERMILK, Ground beef, MONTEREY JACK, 
Got this one from http:\\home.texoma.net/~ bubbarubba/ Jethro    MICKEY TURNER S    Let me tell ya folks. When I was a little kid growin up down in the Cotton  Mill section of Denison, Texas, my mamma always had a worthless patch of  dirt she called a garden. Seems like nothin would grow in that spot but  peppers, so my brother and I learned real quick that peppers was one of the  basic food groups all by themselves and out of shear ignorance and believin  everything our mamma told us we grew to liking the little critters just  about anyway you fixed um . Well, about forty years later the old Cotton  Mill is long gone and so is mamma s garden, but my appetite for peppers isn  t. Now, I ve worked with a little lady by the name of Mickey Turner for God  knows how long, and let me tell ya , her stuffed peppers put old mamma s to  shame. Why, she ain t no bigger than the peppers she stuffs, but size is  made up by taste. Ummmm, ummmm, ummmm, these are the best I ve ever had in  all my forty-six years on the planet, Texas. Try um and if they ain t no  good, then you must have done somthin wrong!!    Batter: Mix all dry ingredients in a very, very large bowl. Then blend the  egg yolks with the buttermilk and stir into dry ingredients until pancake  batter consistency is reached. Beat the egg-whites and fold into the  batter.    MICKEY TURNER S STUFFING: Saute the onion in a little butter until done,  then fry up the ground beef and sausage together with the onion until  brown, then pour into colander and drain, but don t let the meat get too  dry. Mix in the shredded cheeses. Now you re ready to start stuffin them  peppers. Drain the peppers from the can, then wash them real good. Cut each  pepper open and remove the seeds. Stuff the little puppies! When you get  them all stuffed, set in freezer for about an hour. This will help stuffing  stick together when you place it in the batter. After they have set in the  freezer about an hour start dipping them in the batter, and fry in deep  fryer at about 350 degrees. When each one is golden brown, remove and place  on paper towel.  Posted to bbq-digest V5 #476 by "Nordahl Jeff R. (DecOne)"  <NordahlJ@sjcpo2.ne.ge.com> on Aug 21, 97