Beans Chocolate Mint Cake
Butter, Half & half cream, Green Creme de Menthe, Butter, Boiling water, Flour, Andes Chocolate, Butter, Powdered sugar, DARK CHOCOLATE FROSTING, Powder, Baking soda, Vanilla, chocolate chips, Eggs, powdered sugar, Cocoa powder, Salt, CREME DE MENTHE FILLING, Sugar, 
The recipe for the Choc Mint Cake was copied from the L.A. Times years ago  from the same article I got my recipe for the Black Raspberry Cream Cheese  Coffeecake from. The coffeecake is a favorite in my house. I thought Id  send the recipe again for people who didnt get the recipe the first time I  sent it. Both cakes were First prize winners at the L. A. County Fair Years  ago.    1. Grease & lightly flour 3 9" pans.    2. Combine cocoa and boiling water, mixing withwhisk until smooth. cool  Completely.    3. Resift flour with soda, salt, baking powder.    4. Beat butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla in large mixer bowl at high for 5  minutes. Reduce speed to low, beat in flour mixture in 4 portions,  alternating with cocoa mixture in 3 portions, beginning and ending with  flour mixture. Do not overbeat.    5. Pour batter & spread evenly into pans. Bake at 350 deg until done 25-30  min. Let cool in pans 10 min. Remove from pans and let cool completely on  wire racks.    6. Divide Creme de Menthe filling into 2 portions. Frost tops of 2 cakes  then stack the 3 layers.    7. Frost sides & tops with dark chocolate frosting.    8. Cut mints in 1/2 diagonally and decorate cake. Place cut end of each  mint on top of cake, creating triangular design. Make 2 rows of mints on  top of cake. Refrigerate until serving time.    Creme de Menthe Filling: In small bowl, beat all ingredients until smooth  and fluffy.    Dark Chocolate Frosting: Combine chocolate, half and half, and butter in  saucepan. Stir over medium heat until smooth. Remove from heat. with wire  whisk, blend in powdered sugar. Turn into bowl placed over ice. Beat with  electric mixer until frosting holds shape. Posted to KitMailbox Digest by  GAdams1350@aol.com on Jul 21, 1997