Bear Stroganoff (Master Recipe)
Steak Meat from Bear; Beef,, Sour cream; light, Cracked black pepper, Onion; sliced 1/8" thick, Butter Or Margarine; (3/4, Catsup, Cloves garlic cloves;, Cubes beef bouillon, Fresh Mushrooms; sliced 1/4", Salt, Flour, Cup(Or More) wine; red,, 
1. Put on the water for the noodles. Bring to a boil. Dissolve the beef  bouillon in the wine.    2. Prepare the meat by removing any silverskin, fat or whatever. Slice the  meat across the grain into 2- 3" strips. Then, in a medium skillet, saute  the meat using 2 tablespoons of butter till the meat is just browned but  still rare. (DO NOT OVERCOOK, it will be tough!) Remove from skillet,  reserving all juices.    3. With two tablespoons of butter, saute the onions, garlic and mushrooms  until the onion is just tender/crisp. Add the reserved juices, flour, salt  and pepper. Stir until smooth. Blend the wine/bouillon mixture into the  onion, garlic and mushrooms. Add the catsup and sauteed meat. Bring to boil  over medium/high heat while stirring. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered for  10 to 15 minutes to thicken sauce and tenderize meat.    4. Cook the noodles per directions and drain. (approx.. 10 minutes, do not  rinse) Add 2 Tablespoons butter, stir until coated. Or omit the butter and  stir the stroganoff mixture directly into the noodles.    5. Fold the sour cream into the sauce mixture and heat through. Do not  allow to boil.    6. Serve over buttered noodles with crusty bread and one or two of the  following: steamed broccoli, grilled zucchini, pickled beets, chilled  pears.    Suggested Wine: Whichever was used for sauce    Serving Ideas : Steamed broccoli, grilled zucchini, pickled beets, pears    NOTES : You may use your own preferences whether to use butter or oil. You  may use 1 to 1-1/2 pounds of any whole or ground meat or make it vegetarian  with no meat. The meat flavor strength goes up as follows, Elk, beef, bear,  venison. Use a wine that corresponds in flavor strength to the type of  meat. The wine chosen will also affect the sweetness of the dish.  I.E.  Venison and Burgundy, Elk and Madeira. You may need to increase the cooking  time a bit to tenderize the meat or to thicken the sauce prior to adding  the sour cream.  See "Hamburger Stroganoff" for a non-wine, creamy sauce.  Recipe by: John R Harmon    {January 1998}    Posted to T.nt (sdm-marked) Recipes Digest by "John R Harmon"  <john-r-harmon@email.msn.com> on Mar 5, 1998