Pecan Tassies
Unsalted butter; at room, Salt to taste, Dark brown sugar; firmly, Salt, Unsalted butter; melted, Cream cheese; at room, Pecans; coarsely chopped, FOR THE PASTRY, All-Purpose Flour, Egg; at room temperature, FOR THE FILLING, Vanilla extract, 
Lightly coat 2 miniature muffin pans with vegetable cooking spray, each pan  having 12 muffin cups that hold 2 teaspoons each.    To make the pastry, in a food processor fitted with a dough blade, combine  the cream cheese and butter. Add the flour and pulse until well blended and  a soft dough forms. Wrap the dough tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate  for at least 1 1/2 hours or until ready to use.    Shape the dough into 24 balls, using about 2 teaspoons dough for each. Wrap  the balls individually in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.  Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Unwrap the dough balls, place in the  prepared muffin pan and press with floured fingertips against the bottom  and sides to form shells. Place the pans of pastry shells in a freezer  while you prepare the filling. This helps prevent dough shrinkage while  baking--the shells will not freeze during this time.    To make the filling, in a medium bowl, combine the brown sugar, butter,  vanilla and salt and stir until well blended and smooth. Stir in the  pecans. The filling will be thick. Fill each shell with 2 teaspoons of  filling. Bake on the middle oven rack until a toothpick inserted in the  center comes out clean and the crusts are golden brown, 20 minutes. Set the  pans on a wire rack to cool for 5 minutes, remove the tartlets from the  pans to cool completely. Serve at room temperature. Store wrapped tightly  in plastic wrap for up to 4 days, or wrap in freezer paper and freeze for  up to 1 month.    Yield: 2 dozen tassies    NOTES : HOME ENTERTAINING WITH DEAN FEARING #HE1A12 LADIES WHO LUNCH Menu  Pan Fried Louisiana Crab Cakes on Mixed Greens Chilled Jicama Lime Soup  Breadsticks/Crackers/Croutes South Carolina Lace Cookies Pecan Tassies  Sorghum Tea Cookies Chardonnay  Recipe by: DEAN FEARING #HE1A12    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #814 by Holly Butman  <butma001@acpub.duke.edu> on Sep 28, 1997