Stuffed Chayote (Creole Style)
Spanish onions; finely, Bay leaf; crumbled, Safflower oil, Fresh thyme; for garnish, Tomatoes; peel seed chop, Salt, Red and/or green bell, Unsalted butter; cut into, Chayote squash (about 6 to 8, Chopped fresh thyme, Crab meat; (about 1 cup), Unseasoned breadcrumbs;, Ground cayenne pepper, Garlic, Raw shrimp; peeled and, Unsalted butter, Green onion with green;, Celery, Chopped fresh parsley, Black Pepper, 
Known in some areas as vegetable pear or christophine, and as mirliton in  Louisiana, delicate-tasting chayotes (Sechium edule) are superb when  stuffed New Orleans Creole style. Theyre also wonderful sliced, steamed  until crisp tender, and dressed, along with their edible single large seed,  in a mustard vinaigrette. [PATh 12 Oc 96 mcRecipe]    Cut off and discard stem end from each squash and slice the vegetable in  half lengthwise. Remove seeds and use in another dish, if desired. If  necessary, cut a thin slice off the rounded side of each half so it will  sit level.    Place halves on a steamer rack set over simmering water, cover, and steam  until crisp-tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from steamer and let stand  until cool enough to handle. Using a spoon, scoop out the flesh from each  squash half into a bowl, leaving a shell about 1/4 inch thick; reserve.    STUFFING:  Heat 3 tablespoons each oil and butter in a skillet over  medium-high heat. Add the yellow and green onions, sweet pepper, and celery  and saute until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic  and saute 1 minute. Stir in the tomatoes, reserved squash pulp, parsley,  thyme, and bay leaf and continue to cook until all the vegetables are  almost tender, about 5 minutes longer. Reduce the heat to medium-low, stir  in the shrimp pieces, and cook until they turn bright pink. Stir in cooked  crab and bread crumbs and season to taste with salt and black and cayenne  peppers.    Mound the stuffing mixture into the reserved squash halves. Dot the tops  with butter and place in a greased baking dish. Bake until the tops are  golden brown, about 25 minutes. Garnish with thyme sprigs and lemon wedges  and serve piping hot.  Recipe By     : James McNairs (1989) Squash    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #243    Date: Sat, 12 Oct 1996 18:54:22 -0700 (PDT)    From: patH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>