Stuffed Chicken Rolls in Pastry
Worcestershire Sauce, Dry white wine, Egg, Cornstarch, SAUCE, Chicken broth, Thyme, Garlic powder, Thyme, Salt, TOMATOES , Sugar, SKINLESS & BONELESS CHICKEN, FETA CHEESE, Water, PUFF PASTRY, PARCHMENT PAPER, FROZEN CHOPPED SPINACH, 
Thaw the frozen spinach and squeeze until very dry. Crumble the feta cheese  and mix into the spinach along with the salt, thyme and garlic and then set  the mixture aside. Pound each chicken breast until fairly flat between two  sheets of plastic wrap. To assemble, put a generous amount of the spinach  mixture into the center of each chicken breast and roll the chicken breast  around the mixture and set them aside with the seams down. Lightly flour  the surface of a counter top. On the floured surface roll out the puff  pastry into squares big enough to completely enclose the chicken. Placed a  stuffed chicken barest seam side down on the puff pastry and fold the  pastry around the chicken. (Be sure to seal the pastry carefully and use  water as necessary to make it stick to itself) Place them on a cookie sheet  that has been lined with parchment paper. Using a fork beat the egg and  water together thoroughly. Brush the pastry with the egg mixture. Preheat  the oven to 400 degrees and bake for 50 to 60 minutes.    SAUCE: Put all of the ingredients into a food processor and process until  the tomatoes are well crushed. Pour the mixture into a sauce pan and heat  over medium heat until bubbly and then continue to cook for another 2  minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the wine. Drizzle some of the sauce  over the puffed chicken breast for appearance and then serve the rest at  the table.    NOTE: The chicken breast can be stuffed and wrapped in puff pastry and then  frozen. To serve, allow them to thaw over night in the refrigerator, then  brush with the egg mixture and bake. I have also taken them from the  freezer early morning and placed them in an oven set to time bake @ the  appropriate temperature for one hour before my desired eating time    Posted to FOODWINE Digest  by Charlie Cloud <ccloud@JOHNCO.CC.KS.US> on Feb  10, 1998