Stuffed Filet Mignon with Crawfish Bordelaise Sauce Pt 1
olive oil, olive oil, , Onions, Chopped fresh parsley, Mashed potatoes, Garlic powder, Green Onions, Cayenne, Brunoise red peppers, Sweet paprika, Dried thyme, Garlic, Onion powder, Veal stock, parsley, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Vegetable oil, Cayenne, Bread crumbs, Salt, Butter, Brunoise yellow peppers, Shellfish, green onions, Crawfish; shrimp or crabmeat, Salt, Egg, Emerils Creole Seasoning, Filet mignons, Crawfish, EMERIL'S CREOLE SEASONING, Onions, Salt, Dry Red Wine, Shallots, Black Pepper, Garlic, Green Onions, Cayenne, Dried Oregano, CRAWFISH BORDELAISE SAUCE, 
From Emeril Lagasse    In a saute pan, over medium heat and heat the olive oil. When the oil is  hot, add the onions and peppers.    Season the vegetables with salt and cayenne. saute for 2 minutes. Add  shellfish and continue to saute for 2 minutes. Add the green onions, garlic  and parsley. saute for 1 minute.    Remove the mixture from the heat and turn into a mixing bowl. Cool the  mixture for 2 minutes. Add the egg, bread crumbs and cheese and mix well.  Set aside.    Using a sharp knife, cut a pocket into the side of each beef fillet about 1  3/4 inches deep and 2 inches long. Season each fillet, outside and in the  pocket, with Creole Seasoning. Stuff each fillet with 1/4 cup of the  shellfish mixture. Press the filling firmly into the pockets.    In a large saute pan, over medium heat, heat the oil. Sear the fillets for  4 minutes on the first side, being careful not to char them. Turn the  fillets over and continue to sear the other side for 4 minutes for medium  rare. To serve, mound the potatoes in the center of each plate. Lay the  fillet over the potatoes. Spoon the sauce over each fillet and garnish with  green onions.    Yields: 8-10 servings    Emeril?s Creole Seasoning: Mix all the ingredients together and store in an  airtight container. Can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3  months.    Yields: About 3/4 cup.    Crawfish Bordelaise Sauce: In a saute pan, over medium heat, add the oil.  When the oil is hot, add the onions and saute for 1 minute. Add crawfish,  shrimp or crabmeat and season with    continued in part 2