Peking Duck Pt 1
Mandarin Pancakes, Sauce For Peking Duck 2, All-purpose flour, Honey, Dark soy sauce, Hoisin Sauce, Dark soy sauce, Duck, Boiling water, 2 To 4 Tablespoons Water, Whole Mandarin Pancakes, Sesame oil, Combine All Ingredients, Sesame oil, Peanut oil, Brown Bean Sauce; Mashed, Combine All Together., Light brown sugar, Sesame oil, 6 To 12 Scallions, Sauce For Peking Duck 1, 
Preparation: 1. Remove excess fat from the cavity of the duck. rinse the  duck well inside and out under cold running water. 2. Skewer or sew the  duck closed leaving only one small hole. 3. Insert the tube of a bicycle  pump into the cavity of the duck and pump until the duck is visibly  enlarged. 4. Remove the pump tube from the duck and place the duck in a  sink. 5. Pour boiling water over the skin of the duck, top and bottom. Pat  the skin dry with paper towels. 6. Combine the honey with 2 to 4  tablespoons water to make a syrup. 7. Pour or brush this mixture over the  skin of the duck. 8. Hang the duck up by its tail to dry for at least six  hours but preferably overnight in a cool, dry, breezy place. (An unheated  room with a fan directed on the duck would serve well.) 9. At the end of  this time, the skin should be dry to the touch. 10. Cut the white parts of  the scallions into 2" pieces. 11. Shred one or both ends with a sharp knife  and place in ice water. In about one hour, the shredded part of the  scallions will have opened up to make a bushy tip.    Cooking: 1. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. 2. Place the duck breast side  up on a rack in roasting pan. Put the duck in the oven, reduce the heat to  350 degrees, and cook for 1 1/4 hours or until done. 3. The duck should be  turned over every 15 minutes. (with towel to protect hands) That will  insure even browning. 4. The goal is a rich, even chestnut brown skin. If  some of the skin appears to be browning too rapidly, cover that section  with aluminum foil. 5. After an hour or so, the skin of the duck should be  dry and hard to the touch. If it is not, briefly turn the temperature back  up to 450 degrees for a finishing blast of dry heat. 6. Remove the duck  from the oven. If you wish to be completely authentic, simply remove the  skin from the duck, serving the skin and saving the meat for another meal.  Or, if you prefer, carve the skin and the meat together into 1 1/2 square  pieces. 7. The duck carcass is traditionally used to make a soup. 8. To eat  the duck, take a pancake and place a piece of the skin in its center. Take  one of the scallion brushes and brush on one of the sauces. Wrap the  pancake around the duck skin and the scallion and eat the package with your  fingers.    Mandarin Pancakes 1. Place the flour in a bowl. Make a well in the flour  and gradually add the boiling water, stirring briskly with a chopstick or a  fork. 2. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured board and knead 5 to 10  minutes or until it is smooth and fairly elastic. 3. Roll the dough into a  ball. Cover it with a damp tea towel and let the dough rest for at least 30  minutes. 4. Roll the dough into a long uniform cylinder. 5. Carefully cut  the roll into 16 to 24 uniform pieces depending on whether you want  approximately 5 inch or 7 inch pancakes. 6. Roll each of these sections  into a ball and then flatten with the heel of your hand. 7. Brush the tops  of these flattened balls lightly with sesame oil. 8. Place one oiled  pancake on top of the second with oiled sides together.    9. Repeat this process with the remaining pancakes making certain that each  pair is carefully matched in size. 10. Using a thin rolling pin or an old  broom handle, roll each pair of now bonded pancakes out as thinly and as  evenly as possible. 11. To insure that each pancake is rolled to the same  thinness and remains the same size as its partner, turn the bonded pancake  over and roll the other side from time to time. 12. Keep the finished  pancakes covered with a damp cloth.    Cooking: 1. Heat a skillet over medium heat.    continued in part 2