Strawberry Rhubarb Mead
Strawberrys, Water, Honey, Ale/beer yeast, Chopped rhubarb, 
From: dan@clark.net (Dan Eisenreich) (COLLECTION)    Date: 4 May 1994 02:46:47 GMT  Meads are not frightening things to make. Actually, they are deceptivly  easy. The only thing to keep in mind is that EVERYTHING needs sterilizing.  Wash out/off all the utensils, pots, tubing, spoons, bottles, and  containers with a good sanitizer. B-Brite is a good commercial brand. The  second rule of mead is that anything you wash with your sanitizer needs to  be very well rinsed afterwards with fresh water (no one likes a case of the  runs, if you know what i mean). Keeping in mind these two rules, the est is  easy:    Boil the honey with 1/2 of the water    As the honey begins to foam, skim the surface with a fine mesh strainer  until no more foam bubbles up. Make sure you get the bulk of this, but by  no means be fanatical about it. You do have other things to do.    Mash up the strawberrys and the rhubarb chuncks and put them in the bottom  of your plastic brewing bucket. 4: Put the boiled honey in the bucket along  with the other 1/2 gallon of water.    Let this mixture cool, as the hot honey will surely kill the yeast.    When the mix is cool (about 85 degrees or therebouts), add your yeast.  PLEASE!!! In the name of all that is good and culinary! Please dont use  bread yeast!!! This IS >>>NOT<<< the same stuff. Dont send a bread yeast to  do a beer or ale yeasts job It WILL NOT WORK!!!    At this point, cover your bucket and put an air lock on top and put it  someplace that wont be disturbed.    When the air lock slows down to bubbling once every 30 seconds or so, your  mead is just about done. This part of the brewing process takes anywhere  from three weeks to two months depending on your climatic conditions. You  can, when you think it might be done, remove the airlock sanitize and rinse  off a straw, and put the straw through the airlock hole for a taste to see  if its done. You will want to bottle it when the honey sweetness is all  gone.    When it comes time to bottle this wonderous elixier, sanitize a bunch of  plastic soda bottles. This will make about a gallon of mead so clean as  many bottles and caps as necessary. Sanitize and rinse a piece of pvc  tubing (the hose kind that you can et at your local hardware store). Now  comes the fun part. Invite your favorite person over to help you fill the  bottles. You want to get as much of the mead out as possible without  getting any of the pulp mixed in. Strain the mead through a big strainer or  collender (that has been sanitized and rinsed) and into another bucket or  pot. Take the pvc tubing and create a vaccume type affair (you remember  from sixth grade science putting the bucket on the table and all of your  bottles on the floor... if you dont remember, e-mail me and ill explane  it.) and syphon your mead into bottles. This really does work best with  another person to help, but it can be done with one.    Put your freshly bottled mead in the refrigerator for about a week (if you  can stand to wait that long). The result is more than worth the effort put  in. You cannot buy anything that compares to this on the market. Really.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /FRUIT    TAKES A COUPLE OF MONTHS    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.