Beef Wellington
Salt, Flour, Fresh mushrooms; chopped, PASTRY, Rosemary, Flour, Butter, Basil, Cold water, FORCEMEAT, Onions, Ground pork, (5-lb) filet of beef; well, Butter, Egg, Thyme, Pepper, Egg white; lightly beaten, Pecans, Chopped parsley, Whipping cream, Shortening; chilled, Salt, Allspice, Cognac, 
Turn tail of beef under and tie with string to make even thickness for  roasting. Roast at 425? for 40 minutes. Remove from oven, cool, wrap in  foil and chill for 4 hours or overnight. saute onion and nuts in butter  until onion is tender and nuts toasted. Stir in mushrooms and cognac. Cook  over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes. In a large bowl, combine the onion  mixture with the remaining forcemeat ingredients. Mix well, let cool, cover  and refrigerate. In a large bowl, cut the butter and shortening into the  flour and salt until the mixture resembles small peas. Sprinkle cold water  over all and work quickly into the flour mixture until it forms a ball.  Sprinkle with flour. Pastry may be rolled out at this time or wrapped in  waxed paper and refrigerated. Pastry must be removed from refrigerator 2 to  3 hours before rolling. On a generously floured board, roll pastry into a  square approximately 18 inches by 18 inches. Trim uneven edges. Remove  string from filet and lay along one edge of the pastry. Spread the  forcemeat evenly over the filet.  Lift pastry over all, overlapping it  under the meat and sealing the edges. Cut designs from remaining pastry to  decorate the Wellington. Brush entire pastry with egg white. Place on an  ungreased baking sheet and bake at 425? for 40 minutes. Transfer carefully  to serving platter and allow to set for 10 to 20 minutes before serving.  This recipe may be halved.     Place the unbaked Wellington on a narrow, folded sheet of aluminum foil  strong enough for lifting and with the ends extending for grasping. This  prevents the pastry from breaking when transferring to the serving platter.  Yield: 10 servings.    MARTI THOMAS (MRS. A. HENRY)    From <Traditions: A Taste of the Good Life>, by the Little Rock (AR) Junior  League.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.