Beef Salad with Chipotles and Radishes
Fresh lime juice, Radishes; cut into 1/4inch, Ripe plum tomatoes; cut into, Olive oil; for brushing, White wine vinegar, Garlic, Canned chipotle chiles;, Extravirgin olive oil, Hothouse cucumber; peeled, Salt, Red onion, Sirloin steaks; 1 to 1 1/2, Anaheim chiles; roasted,, Head romaine lettuce; pale, Salt, Cracked black pepper, Cilantro; leaves only,, 
TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW #TH6222    Heat a well-seasoned castiron frying pan or griddle to high heat. Season  the steaks generously with salt and pepper and brush them with a little  olive oil. Sear the steaks for about 4 minutes on each side, depending on  their thickness, for mediumrare meat. Remove from the heat and allow to  cool almost to room temperature.    Trim the stem and flower ends of the red onion and cut it in half  crosswise. Pressing from the bottoms, pop the onion sections out so that  you have 6 goodsized onioncups. Set aside and cut the remaining onion into  1/4inch dice.    In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the chopped chipotles, olive oil,  lime juice, vinegar, salt, cracked pepper and garlic until well blended.  Cut the Anaheim chiles into 1/4inch dice and add them to the bowl, along  with the diced red onion, cucumber, radishes, and cilantro.    Slice the beef across the grain on the diagonal into 3/8inch slices. Spread  a layer of the romaine on each plate and distribute some of the beef and  the tomatoes on top. Spoon the dressing, with all its chunky ingredients,  over the top and serve immediately.    Yield: 6 servings    Note: Fresh chiles and bell peppers can be roasted over a gas flame or on a  tray under the broiler. Keep turning so the skin is evenly charred, without  burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer the charred peppers to a plastic  bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15  minutes. (If you are rushed, you can place the bag in a bowl of iced water  to speed things up.) The best way to peel is just to pull off the charred  skin by hand and then dip the peppers briefly in water to remove any  blackened bits. Do not peel the pepper under running water since that will  wash away flavorful juices. Once peeled, cut away stems, seeds and veins.    Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Mar 05, 1998