Beef Vindaloo
Tumeric, BARB DAY, Beef chuck, Garlic, Cumin seeds, Ginger, Red wine vinegar, Onion, Hot Red Chiles, Poppy seeds, Sugar, Bay Leaves, Tomato paste, Clarified Butter, Lemon, Salt, Cloves, Dry English mustard, 
Place the garlic and vinegar into a blender and mix to a smooth paste.  Remove the tops and bottoms of the chiles and remove the seeds. (do NOT put  your fingers near your eyes, or they will become inflamed). Add the peppers  to the blended paste.  Put cumin seeds, tumeric, mustard, ginger, salt and  sugar into a small bowl and mix together. Pour this mixture into the  blender.  Remove the peel from the lemon, squeeze the juice, discard the  pips and chop the inner pulp. Add the juice and the pulp to the blender,  then blend thouroughly.       Place the beef into a bowl and pour the blended mixture over it. Stir  in the poppy seeds and marinate for two hours. (Be careful not to spill  this marinade, or you might have to move from your home! <G>) After meat is  marinated, finely slice the onion.      Pour some clarified butter a skillet over med. heat, and add the  onions. Cook until opaque.  Add the bay leaves and cloves. With a slotted  spoon, lift the meat from the marinade and add to the frying onions,  increasing the heat so that the meat is sealed quickly. When the meat is  sealed all over, add the marinade.      Cover tightly, reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour. After the meat  has cooked for 1 hour, add the tomato paste, stirring it thoroughly into  the meat mixture, and cook for another 30 min. When the meat is tender,  serve at once - piping hot.      This is very hot!  Nice served with plain boiled or steamed long grain  rice.   For a nice cooling touch you might serve with a lime cordial.      Note: When using the hot chilies, remove the placenta as well as the  seeds (the inside fleshy membrane) as it contains Capucin and can cause  inflamation if you eat too much.      Source: Graham Kerr book , copy-righted 1971, called "The Galloping  Gourmet TV Cookbook" -Vol 6.  I have made this many, many times, and love  it.  I hope you will enjoy it for me, because my old stomach just cant  take it like it once did, and I have to tone down the recipe to make it .  But full-strngth it is fabulous if you like things HOT and garlicky!    Good luck to those who are breathing in near you, for several days after  you consume this dish ! <grin>