Beef Stew with Cuminseed
Canned crushed tomatoes, Ground cuminseed, To 12 white pearl onions, Beef stew meat; in 1" cubes, Garlic, peeled and chopped, Green Sicilian olives, Salt; plus extra to taste, olive oil, Unbleached, all-purpose, Chopped Italian parsley, Dried thyme, Black Pepper, Dry Red Wine, plus extra for garnish, Bay leaf, plus extra to taste, Homemade beef stock, Chili powder, 
Stir the flour, thyme, 1 tsp. salt and 1/2 tsp. pepper together in a  shallow bowl.  Turn the cubes of stew meat in the flour to coat well, shake  off excess and transfer to a plate.    Heat olive oil in a heavy kettle.  Add the beef cubes, a few at a time, and  brown them well on all sides.  As they are browned, transfer them to paper  towels to drain.    When all the meat is browned, discard excess oil but do not wash the  kettle.  Add the wine, beef stock and crushed tomatoes; set kettle over  medium heat.  Bring to a boil, stirring and scraping up the browned bits  from the bottom of the pan.  Return beef to the kettle, then add cuminseed,  chili powder and bay leaf and season to taste with salt and pepper.    Cover kettle and set it on the middle rack of the oven. Bake at 350 F. for  1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally and regulating the oven temperature to  maintain the stew at a steady simmer.    Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil.  Cut an "x" in the root  end of each pearl onion and drop them into the boiling water for 1 minute.  Drain them and drop them into a bowl of cold water. When completely cool,  drain and peel them.    After the stew has been in the oven about 1 hour, stir in the onions.  Continue to cook the stew, uncovered.    After another 15 minutes, stir in the garlic, 1/2 cup parsley and the  olives.  Continue to cook, uncovered, until stew is reduced and thickened  to your liking and beef is tender. Transfer to a serving bowl, sprinkle  with parsley, and serve immediately.    The authors note that "depending on the rest of the menu, this stew seems  Mexican or Mediterranean because it is hearty and intriguingly seasoned  with cuminseed..."    From _The Silver Palate Cookbook_ by Julee Rosso and Sheila Lukins with  Michael McLaughlin.  New York: Workman Publishing Company, Inc., 1982. Pg.  125.  ISBN 0-89480-204-6.    