Beef Wellington Pt 1/2
Beef broth, Mushrooms, chopped fine, Arrowroot dissolved in, Egg white, beaten, Watercress for garnish if, Fillet of beef, larded, Pate de foie gras (available, Sercial Madeira, Water to make an egg wash, Cold water, Puff paste (see below) or, Finely chopped black, Cold unsalted butter, Unsalted butter, Salt, Egg yolk beaten with, All purpose flour, 
1. In a roasting pan roast the beef in the middle of a preheated 200 =F8C  oven for 25-30 minutes, or until a meat thermometer registers 50 =F8C . Let  the fillet cool completely and discard the larding fat and the strings.  Skim the fat from the pan juices and reserve the pan juices.    2. In a heavy skillet cook the mushrooms in the butter over moderately low  heat, stirring, until all the liquid they give off is evaporated and the  mixture is dry, season them with salt and pepper, and let them dry  completely.    3. Spread the fillet evenly with the pate de foie gras, covering the top  and sides, and spread the mushrooms evenly over the pate de foie gras. On a  floured surface roll 450 g of the puff paste into a rectangle about 50x30  cm or large enough to enclose the fillet completely, invert the coated  fillet onto the middle of the dough, and fold up the long sides of the  dough to enclose the fillet, brushing the edges of the dough with some of  the egg white to seal them. Fold the ends of the dough over the fillet and  seal them with the remaining egg white. Transfer the fillet, seam side  down, to a jelly roll pan or shallow roasting pan and brush the dough with  some of the egg wash. Roll out the additional dough and cut out shapes with  decorative cutters. Arrange the cutouts on the dough decoratively, brush  them with the remaining egg wash, and chill the fillet for at least 1 hour  and up to 2 hours.    4. Bake the fillet in the middle of a preheated 200 =F8C oven for 30  minutes, reduce the heat to 180 =F8C and bake the fillet for 5-10 minutes  more, or until a meat thermometer registers 55 =F8C for medium rare meat  and the pastry is cooked through. Let the fillet stand for 15 minutes.    5. In a saucepan boil the reserved pan juices and the Madeira until the  mixture is reduced by one fourth. Add the arrowroot mixture, the broth, the  truffles, and salt and pepper to taste and cook the sauce over moderate  heat, stirring, being careful not to let it boil, for 5 minutes, or until  it is thickened.    6. Loosen the fillet from the pan, transfer it with 2 spatulas to a heated  platter, and garnish it with the watercress. Serve the fillet, cut into 2  cm slices, with the sauce. .SH "PUFF PASTE"    1. In a bowl combine 250 g of the flour, 50 g of the butter, cut into bits,  and the salt and blend the mixture until it resembles meal. Stir in 75 ml  ice water and, if necessary, continue to add water, 1 tablespoon at a time,  until the mixture forms a soft dough. Gather the dough into a ball, form it  into a 13 cm square, and dust it lightly with flour. Chill the dough,  wrapped in wax paper, for 30 minutes, or until it is firm but not hard.    2. In a bowl combine the remaining 250 g butter, cut into bits, with the  remaining 30 g flour and toss the mixture to coat the butter with the  flour. Knead the butter and the flour together and form the mixture into a  rough square. Put the square between sheets of wax paper and with a rolling  pin press it into a 13 cm square. Remove the paper, dust the square well  with flour, and wrap it in another sheet of wax paper. Chill the butter  mixture until it is firm but not hard. (The dough and the butter should be  of equal firmness).    3. Roll the dough into an 20 cm square on a floured surface. Lay the butter  diagonally in the center of the square and roll the four visible corners of  the dough into 15 cm strips. (The dough will form an X around the butter).  Fold each strip of dough over the butter to enclose the butter completely  and turn the dough over, sprinkling the work surface and the dough with  flour. With the rolling pin flatten the dough with uniform impressions and  roll it into a 30x15 cm rectangle. Turn the dough over, brush off any  excess flour, and fold the top third of the rectangle over the center and  the bottom third over the top, forming a rectangle about 15x10 cm    4. Turn the folded dough seam side down so that an open end faces you. With  the rolling pin flatten the dough with uniform impressions. Roll the dough  from the center away from you to within 1 cm of the end. Flatten the ends  gently with uniform impressions but do not roll the pin over the ends ot  the air and butter will be expelled. Reverse the strip on the surface,  flouring the surface as necessary, and again roll the dough from the center  away from    continued in part 2