Strawberry-Almond Muffins
Baking Powder, Butter or Margarine, Eggs, Granulated sugar, Almonds; chopped, Salt, Granulated sugar, All-purpose flour, Cinnamon, milk, Fresh Strawberries; sliced, Nutmeg, 
The Cook and Kitchen Staff are off to the berry patch to offer you some of  the best recipes featuring strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, and  more. We consider this collection to be Berry Necessary to your  summertime cooking, so get ready for some tasty fruit-filled days to come.    Todays recipe features the delectable strawberry thats coming into its  natural season in the northern hemisphere, right now. What do you look for  when buying strawberries? The best strawberries are the ones you pick  yourself or buy from your local strawberry fields and farmers markets.  Farm-fresh strawberries are just hours old with little or no handling or  traveling.    If your prefer a trip to the grocer over a trek through the strawberry  patch, look for berries that are plump, bright red, and fully ripe. Caps  should be attached, green, and fresh-looking, not wilted. The size of the  strawberry is not important! All strawberries, large and small, are equally  sweet and juicy by nature.    Pre-heat oven to 400-F degrees. Prepare muffin tins by lightly greasing,  spraying with non-stick vegetable oil, or lining with paper.    Thoroughly rinse the fruit and remove the stems. Slice the strawberries and  place them in a measuring cup until you have about 1 cup of prepared fruit.    In a small bowl, combine strawberry slices, 1/3 cup sugar, cinnamon, and  nutmeg until blended. Set aside.    In a large mixing bowl sift together the flour, 1 1/2 sugar, baking powder,  and salt. Set aside.    In a small mixing bowl lightly whisk eggs. Add milk and melted butter and  thoroughly combine with the whisk. Then, with as few strokes as possible,  blend the milk, butter, and egg mixture with the flour, sugar, baking  powder, and salt in the large mixing bowl.    Lightly fold in the strawberries and almonds and spoon batter into each  muffin well, until each is about two-thirds full.    Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until browned and a toothpick or knife comes  cleanly out of the center of a test muffin. Remove muffins from the pan  immediately and cool on a wire rack. Repeat the process with remaining  batter. Store in an airtight container or wrap to freeze for up to 30 days.  Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Jun 6, 1998