Strawberries and Cream Spectacular
Butter, Egg yolks, Baking Powder, Strawberries, Heavy cream, whipped with, Sugar & 1 tsp vanilla, Salt, Vanilla extract, milk, Lemon extract, Sugar, Cake Flour, Extract, Red current jelly, 
Sift together the cake flour, sugar, baking powder & salt into a  mixing bowl.  Add the butter & half the milk. Beat with an electric  mixer at medium speed for two minutes, scraping the bowl  occasionally. Add the remaining milk, the lemon extract, the vanilla  extract & the egg yolks. Beat with the electric mixer for another two  minutes. Pour the batter into two buttered layer-cake pans that have  been lined with parchment paper. Bake in a preheated 350F oven (180  C) for 30 minutes, or until a cake tester inserted in the centers of  the layers comes out clean. While the cake is cooling, wash & hull  the strawberries. Chop enough strawberries to make one cup (1/4  liter); reserve the remaining berries. Fold the chopped strawberries  into one cup (1/4 liter) of the whipped cream. Place one cake layer,  top side down, on a serving plate. Spread it with the  strawberry-cream filling. Top with the second cake layer, top side up  (Id put the bottom side up myself, in order to make a flat surface).  Slice the reserved strawberries lengthwise. Arrange the sliced  straberries on top of the cake, starting at the outer edge & placing  the slices with their pointed ends toward the edge of the cake. After  the first circle of berries is complete, continue placing the berries  in this manner until the top is covered. Refrigerate the cake for 10  minutes. Melt the red currant jelly in a small saucepan over low  heat, stirring constantly. Carefully spoon or brush the hot jelly  over the strawberries. Spread some of the remaining whipped cream  around the sides of the cake. Spoon the rest of the whipped cream  into a pastry bag fitted with a No. 190 drop flower tube. Pipe  rosettes between the strawberry points around the rim of the cake.  Then change to a No. 24 star tube & fill in the spaces. Finally,  change to a No. 71 leaf tube, & pipe a border around the bottom edge  of the cake. If you do not wish to decorate the cake with decorating  tips, spoon the remaining cream in small puffs on the top of the cake  between the strawberries. Refrigerate the cake until time to serve it.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip