Beet and Orange Salad (Parsons)
Beets; with tops, Garlic, olive oil, Prepared horseradish, Red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, Navel oranges, Chopped toasted pecans, Lemon juice, 
Trim beet tops to within 1 inch of beets and reserve tops. Leave roots  intact. Wrap beets in foil and bake at 350 degrees, turning once, until  small knife can be easily inserted, about 1 hour. Set aside until cool  enough to handle. Peel oranges, removing all white pith. Working over bowl  to catch any juice, carefully separate each orange section from main  membrane by cutting down both sides of section between flesh and membrane  and gently scooping flesh away from membrane. Place each cleaned section in  bowl with juice. When finished, squeeze juice from main membrane into bowl  and discard membrane. Reserve juice.    Blanch reserved beet greens in large pot of boiling water just until color  brightens and stems become tender, about 1 minute. Remove immediately to  bowl of cold water to stop cooking. Drain well and dry on kitchen towel.  When beets are cool enough to handle, slide peels off with your fingers.  Remove remaining part of tops and trim roots, reserving scraps. Slice beets  into rounds 1/4-inch thick.    Make salad dressing by whisking together horseradish, garlic, vinegar and  reserved orange juice in bowl. When smooth, slowly add olive oil, beginning  with just a thread. When all oil is added, season to taste with salt and  plenty of black pepper. If necessary, add a little horseradish, lemon juice  or more oil to correct acidity. (Test by dipping orange section and piece  of beet root into dressing. Flavor should be bright but well-balanced.)    Add sliced beets to dressing, toss well and arrange in low mound in center  of platter, leaving behind any extra dressing. Add orange slices to  dressing, toss well and arrange over top of beets. Add greens, toss well  and arrange around outside of beets. Sprinkle with toasted pecans.    (6 servings. Each serving: 192 calories; 110 mg sodium; 0 cholesterol; 14  grams fat; 17 grams carbohydrates; 2 grams protein; 0.96 gram fiber. )    Converted by McBuster on Wed, 22 Apr 1998 for Pat Hanneman Topic: Beets    Recipe by: IN THE KITCHEN, RUSS PARSONS, LA Times, 1-Apr-98    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Apr 22,  1998