Strawberry White Chocolate Mousse Tart
Fresh orange juice, Peaks, Preserves*, Temperature, Sugar, Strawberries -- hulled, Sticks Unsalted Butter --, Sugar, Strawberries -- with stems, Imported White Chocolate, Imported White Chocolate, Egg White -- at room, Whipping Cream -- whipped to, Orange Peel -- grated, Salt, Vanilla extract, Mousse:, Stiff, Chilled and cut in p, Grand Marnier, Pastry:, Firmly Packed Light Brown, Heavy cream, Unbleached flour, Egg yolk, Strawberry Jam Or, 
For pastry: Mix first 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Add butter and cut  into mixture until it resembles fine meal. Blend orange juice with egg yolk  and vanillla. Add enough juice mixture to dry imgredients to form ball that  comes together.    Gather dough into a ball and flatten into roughly a 12 inch round. Position  rack in center of oven and preheat to 375 degrees. Roll dough out between  sheets of plastic wrap to 1/8 inch thickness. Trim to an 11 inch circle  (use tart pan as guide). Remove plastic wrap from top and invert into a 10  inch round springform pan with removable bottom. Remove plastic wrap and  press into bottom and up sides of pan...  crimp top edges. Freeze for 15  minutes. Line tart shell with aluminum foil and weight with pie weights or  beans. Bake until sides are set - about 10 minutes. REmove foil and  weights. Bake crust until golden brown - about 16-20 minutes. Sprinkle two  ounces of white chocola te over hot crust. Let stand for about 1 minute.  Using the back of a spoon, spread chocolate over bottom and up sides.  Transfer to rack to cool.    For mousse: Melt white chocolate with 1/4 C heavy cream in a small heavy  saucepan over very low heat, stirring constantly. Pour into bowl. Let stand  until just cool. Beat egg white in a small bowl until soft peaks form.  Gradually add sugar and beat until stiff but not dry. Fold whipped cream, 1  tbsp. liqueuer, and egg white into chocolate mixture. Spoon mousse into  prepared pan, spreading evenly. Refrigerate until mousse is set (2 hours or  overnight (can be made ahead and frozen at this point)).    To assemble: Fan all strawberries by making several legthwise cuts in each,  starting 1/4 inch from base and extending through the tip. Fan with  fingertips. Bring jam and remaining 1 tbsp. liqueuer to a boil in a heavy  small saucepan, stirring constantly. Transfer to processor and puree. Brush  thin layer of jam over mouse. Place 2 fanned strawberries with stems on  opposing sides of mousse. Arrange smaller fanned strawberries atop  artistically.    Recipe By     :    