Strawberry or Raspberry Custard Tart
Egg yolks, Brown sugar; firmly packed, TOPPING, CUSTARD CREAM, Vanilla extract-, Egg; cold, Flour, all purpose, Strawberries & Raspberries, Flour, all purpose, Vanilla extract, Lemon zest; freshly grated, GLAZE, Sugar, Half and half, ALMOND CRUST, Red currant jelly, Lemon juice, Almonds, slivered, -Salt, Butter;cold, unsalted, 
CRUST: Finely grind almonds in a food processor with an on/off mixture with  a rolling pin until as finely ground as possible. Add flour, salt and brown  sugar to processor and blend, or combine ground almonds, flour, salt, and  brown sugar in a bowl and stir to blend. Add butter and process or work  with the fingertips until mixture ressembles coarse crumbs. In a small bowl  beat egg lightly. Stir in the vanilla and lemon zest. With processor on,  add egg mixture to the dough through feed tube and process until dough  forms. Pat dough into a ball, wrap in plastic wrap and chill in  refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Remove dough from refrigerator. Press  in 10 inch tart pan (with removable bottom), patting in even minutes before  baking. Bake line with foil for 15 minutes, remove foil and bake a further  20 to 30 minutes empty. CUSTARD CREAM: In a medium mixing bowl, beat egg  yolks and sugar until pale yellow and thick. Beat in 4 tbsp all purpose  flour. Heat half-and-half in medium sized non reactive saucepan over low  heat until small bubbles form around edges. Remove from heat and pour a  small amount of hot mixture into egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Add  remaining half and half mixture, whisking. Pour mixture back into pan on  heat, lower heat and cook it, stirring for 5-7 minutes. Add vanilla, let  the mixture cool and chill it, covered (use plastic wrap) until needed.  ASSEMBLY: Spread Custard Cream even over fully baked almond crust. Arrange  hulled strawberries or raspberries in concentric circles, stem ends down,  over pastry cream. Melt red currant jelly with 1 tsp lemon juice and brush  the glaze gently over the fruit.    