Beef Stir Fried with Holy Basil
Palm sugar, Coarsely chopped holy basil, Fish sauce, Chopped mixed red & green, Ground or minced beef, Garlic, Chopped shallots, Green peppercorns; whole, Sliced onion (any mixture of, 
From: "Colonel I. F. K. Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>    Date: Tue, 02 Jul 1996 09:18:40 -0700    Subject: [THAI] neua pad bai kaprao (beef and basil)    This is a quick and easy dish to make. The holy basil has a "hot peppery"  taste, but if you cant get it then the standard european basil is a  reasonable substitute, though you should add a little freshly ground black  pepper in this case.    prik ki nu - called mouse dropping chilis, or dynamite chilis - are the  best chili to use, but if you cant get it standard Mexican habanera  chilis, or Scotch Bonnets, will do very well as a substitute.    (my wife chops the beef with a pair of cleavers, and I cant bear to  watch... you can of course use a meat grinder or a food processor)    The garlic, shallots, peppers and peppercorns are ground together in a  mortar & pestle or a food processor. In a hot wok, with a little cooking  oil, briefly stir fry this paste to bring out the flavour and aroma. add  the remaining ingredients, except the onion, and continue to stir until the  beef is cooked through.    Add the onions, mix thoroughly, and serve.    Serving: For luncheon pad bai kaprao can be served over plain rice, or over  a fried egg or egg crepe, placed on the rice. For dinner it goes well with  the hot and sour tom yum soups, as well as curries and other Thai food.    Add the usual Thai condiments (chilis in fish sauce (prik nam pla), ground  chillis (prik phom) and sugar), as well, perhaps as ground black pepper.    Variants: It can be made with chopped pork or chicken, though of course the  flavours are quite different. You can also experiment with replacing the  meat with hard tofu marinated in a mixture of sweet soy, fish sauce and  ground ginger, say, or a vegetable mix of your choice (I like to mix  broccoli and cauliflower florets, with julienned carrots and wing beans),  to make a vegetarian pad bai kaprao.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #031    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.