Beef Stew in Red Wine with Onions and Mushrooms Pt 1
Dried thyme, Stew Meat, Black Pepper, Boiling Onions, Butter and Flour, Tomatoes, Butter, Red Wine, Salt, Scallion, Bay Leaves, Garlic, Fresh Mushrooms, Carrots, 
Cookware: 2 heavy frying pans, 1 with a cover; 3-quart flame-proof  casserole with cover; Wooden spoon; Colander; Saucepan; Degreasing pitcher;  Rubber spatula; Whisk    Directions: Step 1: Brown the meat about 5 minutes Dry the meat thoroughly  with paper towels (damp meat wont brown). Film the frying pan with oil and  set over moderately high heat. When oil is very hot, but not smoking, brown  as many pieces of meat as will fit in 1 layer without crowding. Turn the  cubes frequently to brown all sides; as they are cooked, transfer them to  the casserole.    Step 2: Assemble meat and vegetables Skim all but about a spoonful of fat  out of the frying pan (if it is burned, discard all and add fresh oil); add  the sliced carrots, stirring and tossing for 3 to 4 minutes to brown  lightly before scraping them out and placing over the beef in the  casserole. Pour a few tablespoons of the wine into the frying pan, and  scrape up any coagulated juices with a wooden spoon; pour into the  casserole. Fold in the tomatoes, half the bay leaves, thyme, and salt to  taste. Next, add the garlic and enough wine almost to cover the beef. Stir  to blend ingredients.    Ahead of time: The stew may be assembled a day in advance; cover when cool,  and refrigerate.    Step 3: Stew the beef and vegetables 2 1/2 to 3 hours or more Bring to a  simmer on top of the stove. Cook, turning and basting the meat several  times until fork-tender.    Timing note: Most beef stews take 2 1/2 to 3 hours, but can take longer,  depending on meat quality. It is smart to cook a stew an hour or more ahead  of when you plan to serve; the wait always improves flavor.    Step 4: Braise the onions In the same frying pan you used for the meat,  saute the peeled onions in a little cooking oil, swirling the pan to turn  them. They will not brown evenly, but will take on some color. Then add  enough red wine to come halfway up the pan. Salt to taste and add the  remaining bay leaf. Cover and simmer slowly for 25 to 30 minutes, until the  onions are tender when pierced but still hold their shape. Set them aside.    Step 5: saute the mushrooms Put the butter in the second frying pan and set  it over high heat. When the butter foam begins to subside, toss in the  mushrooms (make sure mushrooms are dry). Toss frequently, swirling the pan  by its handle, for several minutes, while the mushrooms absorb the butter.  In a minute or two it will reappear on their surface. Toss with the chopped  shallot or scallion for a moment. Add a sprinkling of salt to taste and a  few grinds of pepper. Set mushrooms aside.    Step 6: Finish the stew Pour the contents of the casserole into a colander  set over a saucepan. Wash out the casserole and return the pieces of beef  to it. Press juices from the rest of the food in the colander into the  saucepan. With a degreasing pitcher (or spoon), remove any fat from the  juices. Taste them carefully and boil rapidly if you want to intensify the  flavor, but dont boil away more than a small portion of it. Discard the  residue in the colander.    Step 7: Thicken the sauce For each cup of juices you have, mash 1  tablespoon of butter with 1 tablespoon of flour in a small bowl. Using a  rubber spatula, make a smooth paste. Whisk the butter-flour paste into the  juices in the saucepan. When it is thoroughly incorporated, bring the  mixture briefly to a boil and let the sauce thicken. If it is not thick  enough, repeat the process, mixing another small portion (1 tablespoon  each) of butter and flour.    continued in part 2