Strawberry Shortcake - Country Living
Sweetened whipped cream, BISCUITS, Baking Powder, Vegetable shortening, Sugar, Sliced strawberries, Chocolate-Covered, Water, GANACHE, Heavy cream, Tiny fresh mint leaves;, Sugar, Ground cinnamon, milk, STRAWBERRY SAUCE, Unsifted all-purpose Hour, Salt, 1-oz squares semisweet, 
1. Prepare Chocolate-Covered Strawberries, if desired.    2. Prepare Biscuits: Heat oven to 350F; lightly grease baking sheet. In  medium-size bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon.  With pastry blender or 2 knives, cut shortening into flour mixture until  mixture resembles fine crumbs. With fork, stir in milk until just blended  and dough forms a ball.    3. Divide dough in half. Pat each half out on lightly floured surface to  make a 3-inch heart about 1/2 inch thick. If desired, trim with 3-inch  heart-shaped cookie cutter or knife to make edge perfect. Place hearts on  baking sheet and bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on wire  rack to room temperature.    4. Meanwhile, prepare Strawberry Sauce: In small saucepan, heat sugar,  water, and strawberries to boiling over low heat; simmer 20 minutes. Strain  and discard strawberries, reserving sauce. Set sauce aside to cool.    5. Prepare Ganache: In small saucepan, heat cream just until hot. Stir  chocolate into hot cream until melted. Set aside to cool.    6. To serve, on 2 dessert plates, spoon enough strawberry sauce to cover  bot- toms. Split both biscuits in half. On bottom halves, spread layer of  Ganache; top Ganache with whipped cream and biscuit tops to make  shortcakes. Place shortcakes in center of sauce on plates. If desired, sift  confectioners sugar over biscuits. Garnish each with 5 Chocolate-Covered  Strawberries and, if desired, mint leaves.    Chocolate-Covered Strawberries: Line a small tray with waxed paper. In top  of doubler boiler or small heatproof bowl set over simmering water, melt 3  1-oz squares semisweet chocolate. With small knife, remove stems from 5  large strawberries. Slice strawberries 1/4 inch thick; select 10 large  slices. Use remaining slices as part of sliced strawberries in . step 4.  Pat the 10 slices dry with paper towel and carefully dip one side of each  halfway into melted chocolate. Place covered strawberries on tray and  refrigerate at least 15 minutes to set chocolate.    Nutritional information per serving without Choco- late-Covered  Strawberries:-protein: 10 grams; fat: 65 grams; carbohydrate: 152 grams;  fiber: 3 grams; sodium: 832 milligrams; cholesterol: 116 mill grams;  calories, 1,201.    Country Living/Feb/93    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 662 by GramWag@aol.com on Jan  31, 1998