Beef Stew with Mango and Pumpkin
OTHER, Onion, Cooked white rice, Nonfat plain yogurt; mixed, Nonfat dry milk powder; set, Beef bouillon; or mushroom, Dried Oregano, Mango; fresh or frozen, cut, Seedless raisins; black or, Red wine vinegar; (up to 3, Cut into 1-inch pieces, ADDITIONS, Carrot; 1/2" diagonal slices, Corn kernels; drained, TO SERVE, Salt and pepper, Chopped tomatoes with puree;, Garlic, Dried thyme; or less by half, Pumpkin cubes; (about 13, Lean beef (trimmed sirloin);, Olive oil; light, Fresh Cilantro, Spinach and romaine salad, 
We reduced meat from 2 pounds beef chuck to 6/8-pound of lean, trimmed  sirloin; oil from 2 tbsp to 2 tsp. Used golden raisins; balsamic vinegar.  Substituted mango. A winner! 12/15/97    In food processor, finely chop the onion and garlic together. Heat oil in  large pot over medium-high heat. Pat the meat dry with paper towels.  Lightly season with pepper and salt. Saute the beef with the onion and  garlic, stirring occasionally, until it is brown on all sides, and the  onion is soft, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the bouillon (stock or  water may be substituted). Add the bouillon, tomatoes, red wine vinegar (or  balsamic vinegar) and oregano, thyme, salt and pepper to the stew pot. Stir  well. Reduce heat and simmer the stew, covered, for 1 hour, stirring  occasionally.    Raise the heat so that the stew boils moderately, add the pumpkin squash  and carrot (1-inch pieces, 1/2-inch slices). Cover and cook for an  additional 20 minutes, reduce heat to prevent scorching or boil-over. Stir  the stir. Next add the peaches, corn, and raisins. Cover and cook for 10  minutes more. Taste and adjust the pepper and salt; oregano and thyme, if  necessary.    Ladle the stew into wide soup bowls over or along side a bed of rice.  Garnish with cilantro. Dollop with the blended yogurt. PER SERVING: 10  ounces of meat: 332.2 cals, 4.8 g fat (12.8% cff); 12 ounces 345 cals, 5.3  g fat (13.6%). For balance, serve with a spinach and romaine salad.    SOURCE: Beef Stew with Peaches and Pumpkin. In Latin American Cooking  Across the USA (1997) by Himilce Novas and Rosemary Silva (Random House).  For festive occasions in autumn and winter, Argentine Americans may serve  this stew en zapallo, in a carved pumpkin that has been baked separately.  Some of the pumpkin flesh is scooped out when the stew is ladled into  bowls. For less fuss, cook chunks of pumpkin right in the stew as in this  recipe for CARBONADA CRIOLLA. The zapallo or pumpkin used in Argentina  resembles the West Indiian calabaza, which is a green pumpkin, also called  Cuban Squash. Substitute sugar pumpkin, Hubbard squash, butternut, banana,  or even acorn squash. For the fruit, use 3 medium ripe peaches, peeled,  halved, pitted, and cut into 1-inch dice; or 6 canned peach halves, drained  and cut into 1-inch dice. Serves 4 without rice and 6 with rice.    Recipe by: Latin American Cooking Across the USA /path Dec 1997    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n318 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Dec 16, 1997