Strawberry Mint Shortcake with a Toasted Marshmallow Topping
Granulated sugar, Fresh strawberries pureed, Cream cheese, Egg yolks, THIN MINT STRAWBERRY FILLING, CHEESE FILLING, Marscapone cheese, Butter melted, Crust, Boxes of Girl Scout Trefoil, Whip cream, Girl Scout Thin Mint Cookies, 
http://www.bflogirlscouts.org/recipes.htm    Second Place Winner    Cut cream cheese and marscapone cheese into 1/2 inch squares. Place in  mixing bowl. Set aside to soften, approximately 1/2 hour. In a plastic bag  place Girl Scout Trefoils and crush, remove from bag into a mixing bowl.    Add melted butter and mix thoroughly. In a 4" side bowl lined with wax  paper (make sure the wax paper comes over the rim of the bowl), place crust  mix in firmly 1/4 inch thick. Scout Thin Mint cookies. Next place bowl over  pot of boiling water, stir occasionally until melted completely. Allow to  cool for 10 to 15 minutes, fold in diced strawberries and evenly fill in  dessert bowls.  In a small sauce pot reduce the heavy cream by 1/2. Toast marshmallows  until light brown under broiler. Place marshmallows in a 4 quart sauce pot  and add reduced cream while still hot. Melt over low heat until smooth.  Stir frequently as not to burn. Allow to cool to room temperature, fold in  whip cream and set a side.  With the softened cheeses, whip in eggs and sugar until smooth. Fold in  whip cream. Spoon into pastry bag. Place a 1/4 inch covering over the Thin  Mint filling. On the outer edge, place pastry bag stars closely together  1/2 inch high to form a shallow bowl. In the middle arrange two Girl Scout  Thin Mint cookies to stand up to form a V shape. Between them dot with a  cheese filling star and gently place in a whole strawberry.  Spoon toasted marshmallow topping into the shallow cream cheese bowl.  Refrigerate for at least two hours.  Remove from bowl carefully by lifting from the wax paper edges. Place on  dessert plate sprinkled with powered sugar. Garnish with a piece of  chocolate lattice, fresh mint and pureed strawberries.    Posted to recipelu-digest by LSHW <shusky@erols.com> on Feb 20, 1998