Beef Stock 101
Red wine, Cold water, Carrots, Beef bones, garlic, celery, Boquet Garni, Onions, 
Makes about 2 quarts    1. Heat oven to 450 degrees. Place bones in a roasting pan, and roast, 45  minutes, stirring occasionally. Add onions, garlic, carrots, and celery to  roasting pan. Return to oven until well browned, roasting for a total of 1  to 1 1/2 hours.    2. Remove roasting pan from oven, and transfer bones and vegetables to  large stockpot; discard any fat. Heat roasting pan on stove over high heat.  Add wine to deglaze, stirring to loosen any browned bits from bottom of  pan. Transfer to stockpot, and add bouquet garni, tying to handle of pot  for easy removal.    3. Add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil and reduce  to simmer. Cook for 7 to 8 hours, skimming frequently.    4. Strain the stock through a chinois or fine sieve into a large bowl or  pot, and set the bowl in an ice bath. When cool, cover and refrigerate  overnight.    5. Remove layer of fat from bowl or pot. Stock can be stored in  refrigerator for 3 days and frozen for up to 3 months.    The French word for stock, fond, translates literally as "foundation." And  its a fact that stock is the foundation upon which to build a fine soup,  sauce, or stew.    Slow-simmered bones, vegetables, and herbs are the key elements in a  successful stock. With each passing hour, they give more of themselves to  the final product. Raw beef bones with some meat--such as shanks, necks,  and shins--are good choices for stock. Add richness and color to the stock  by browning the bones and vegetables in the oven before simmering. After  roasting, scrape the pan well and add the scrapings to the stock pot. Then  deglaze the roasting pan with red wine and add the deglazing liquid to the  pot.    Moderately seasoning a stock with herbs and pepper enhances the flavor of  the final dish. But use whole peppercorns rather than ground pepper, which  can turn bitter after prolonged cooking. Most chefs avoid adding salt to a  stock--it may become too salty as it reduces.    To keep stock clear, remember to simmer rather than boil, and frequently  skim away any foam that rises to the top during cooking. Clarify the stock  by straining it through a chinois, a conical metal sieve with an extremely  fine mesh, and chill the strained stock until remaining fat solidifies on  the surface. For perfectly strained stock, pour it through a sieve lined  with frozen cheesecloth.    Recipe by: Martha Stewart http://www.marthastewart.com    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Valerie Whittle" <catspaw@inetnow.net> on Feb  21, 1998