Penaeng Kai (Penang Curry with Chicken)
curry paste, Garlic, coriander seeds, Sugar, , Holy basil leaves, Kapi, Lime leaves, PENAENG CURRY PASTE, Dried red chillies, galangal, Garlic, THE CURRY, -(up to), Chicken, coriander root, -(up to), lemon, Coconut milk, -(up to), shallots, Fish sauce, 
Date: Sat, 24 Feb 1996 17:21:51 -0500    From: The Meades <kmeade@ids2.idsonline.com> (by way of    From: "Colonel I. F. K. Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>  Penaeng is a dry curry, probably originally "imported" from Malaysia.  It  can be prepared with any meat, and many fishes.  This variety uses chicken.    Penaeng Curry Paste: You can buy prepared curry pastes in many shops, but  for the full flavour you should seriously consider the little effort  involved in making your own. This was a back breaking chore when the pastes  were prepared in a heavy mortar and pestle, but these days you can come  very close to the same result using a food processor. You can reduce the  number of chillies used if you want a milder curry, but I dont recommend  going to less than 10 chillies.    Mix together to a fine paste in a food processor.  This paste will keep  under refrigeration.  You can also freeze it; I suggest placing it in an  old ice cube tray to make into curry paste cubes for ease of measurement  later.    The prepared paste should be allowed to mature for two or three days before  use to bring out the full flavour.    Note that it is better to make the paste milder than to use less than about  2 tablespoons in the final recipe.    The curry: Place a wok over medium high heat, and warm the coconut milk,  but dont let it boil. Add the curry paste, and stir it until the oil  begins to separate out and form a thin film to bring out the maximum  flavour.  Add the remaining ingredients except the lime and basil leaves,  and simmer until the sauce is absorbed and thickened. Then add the leaves  and stir fry briefly before serving.    Garnish with julienned red chillies, with steamed white rice, and the usual  table condiments.    Note if you particularly like your curries hot, then replace the fish sauce  in the cooking with nam pla prik (chillies marinated in fish sauce), that  has had at least a week to mature.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V2 #250    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.