Pedros Tiajuana Beans
De-fatted chicken stock for, Salt, Commercial chili powder, Of dried beans (I prefer, Garlic, Cold bottled water, Onions; finely chopped, Twists on a pepper mill of, Fresh lime; juice and pulp, -(up to), -(up to), (6-oz) tomato paste, Sliced; bottled jalapeno, Cayanne pepper; more if you, Good "squirts" of Crystal or, 
Below is a recipe for fat free "chili" or "ranch" beans.  This recipe was  developed with the same technique used in the creation of the "Fat Free  Marinara Sauce", namely replace fat with taste...  I love to make a few  quarts of these beans, and then use them over the course of a month. They  make a complete meal when mixed with rice (I like basmatti) and topped with  fresh, homemade salsa (I will send that recipe along in the future). These  beans are so tasty that you will never miss the fat or meat, and they will  become a favorite. These beans work well with rice and salsa, or in  burritos, tacos, enchiladas, etc. Your fat gorging family and/or friends  will never suspect that no fat has been added. They are tasty, healthy,  cheap to make, and freeze quite well. Enjoy, Matthew     Process:    1. Saute chopped onions for about ten minutes using chicken stock.  Add  crushed garlic and jalapenos and saute for five more minutes.  Saute until  mixture is lightly carmelized.  Be certain not to burn garlic or peppers.    2. Inspect beans for any foreign debris.  Remove debris and wash under cold  tap in a collandar.  Drain throughly.    3. Bring eight cups of bottled water to a rolling boil in a large sauce pan  or pressure cooker. Add washed, dried beans, cover pan and remove from  heat.    NOTE: Do not heat water at this point if using a pressure cooker.    4. Allow beans to steep for one hour.  No need to soak overnight as this  causes the beans to ferment, imparting a bitter taste.  Do NOT change water  at this point, or a loss of taste will result. NOTE: Skip this step if  using a pressure cooker.    5. Add onion/garlic/jalapeno pepper mixture to the bean and water.  Add all  remaining seasonings and ingredients to the sauce pan.  Mix THROUGHLY with  a wooden spoon.    6. Cover beans and simmer on very low heat for 2 1/2 hours, or pressure  cook at high pressure setting for 55 minutes. Stir beans occasionaly when  using a conventional sauce pan.    7. Allow beans to cool to room temperature and then freeze or refrigerate.    8. Allow beans to develop for at least 24 hours in refrigerator.  They keep  for at least two weeks in my refrigerator, and months in the freezer if  properly packaged for storage.    9. Enjoy  ;)    LAGUIRRE@HARP.AIX.CALPOLY.EDU    (NO PAIN = NO GAIN)    REC.FOOD.RECIPES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.