Beef Lasagne Ala Pasta and Co (Part 1)
Juice, see note), Mozzarella cheese; grated, milk, Garlic; finely minced, Big pinch thyme, Onions; coarsley chopped, Cream, Big pinch white pepper, Big pinch basil, P. cheese, Uncooked fresh lasagne, SAUCE, Ground beef; lean, Basil, Feta cheese; crumbled, Parmesan cheese; grated,, Parsley; very finely chopped, Oregano; heaping, Big pinch nutmeg, Butter, Parmesan cheese; freshly, Black pepper, Frozen spinach; thawed,, Olive oil; pure, Salt, CHEESE, BECHAMEL, Red pepper flakes, Preferred brand:, Unseasoned bread crumbs, Tablespoons), Tomatoes; crushed in puree,, Flour, Flour, plus, Romano cheese; grated, Dry white wine; (plus 3, 
***(There will be a couple of ounces left in the 28-ounce can. Save it. You  will use it in assembling the lasagne.)    This is the lasagne we have made and sold for a decade. Several things set  this version apart from the dozens of other lasagne recipes. Its sauce is  strongly seasoned with oregano. It calls for a thick filling of bechamel  instead of ricotta cheese. It uses feta cheese to step up the flavor of the  dish. And it takes advantage of fresh lasagne noodles, which can go into  the dish with no precooking. Our sales of this product are the best proof  that the formula works. PREPARE-AHEAD/SERVING NOTES: Make a day ahead and  bake when needed, or do as we do and freeze. Take the lasagne straight from  the freezer to the oven and adjust the cooking time accordingly. Caution:  Be sure to let the lasagne sit 20 minutes before serving. ESSENTIAL GEAR:  Shallow baking pan (9 by 13 inches)    To make sauce, cook ground beef in a saute pan over medium heat until pink  is gone and meat is crumbly. Remove from heat and pour meat through a  colander to drain off all fat. Reserve meat. (Be certain it is  well-crumbled. If it is not, break it up using a potato masher or large  wooden spoon.) In the same saucepan, heat olive oil and add onions,  oregano, garlic, basil, salt, black pepper, and red pepper flakes. Cook  over medium heat until onions are translucent. Add wine, bring to a boil,  and cook until alcohol has evaporated--- about 10 minutes. Stir in  tomatoes. Add spinach and reserved meat. Continue simmering for a few  minutes. Remove from heat and reserve. Mix together mozzarella and feta  cheeses and set aside.    To make bechamel, heat milk, cream, white pepper, thyme, nutmeg, and basil  in a small saucepan until it nears a boil. Turn off heat. Melt butter in a  medium-size saute pan. When foam from butter recedes, remove from heat, add  flour, and mix well. Return to medium-low heat and, stirring frequently,  simmer for 2 to 3 minutes to cook, but not brown, the flour. Gradually stir  in hot milk and cream mixture. Raise heat to medium-high and continue  stinnng until mixture is smooth and thick--about 5 minutes. Add Parmesan  and Romano cheeses and whisk until smooth. This should be the texture of  wallpaper paste, not of the white sauce more often associated with  bechamel.    To make topping, mix together bread crumbs, Parmesan, and parsley. Reserve.    (continued in part 2)