Beef Pie
Salt, Onions, Gravy seasoning, Margarine, Boiling water, Onion cooking liquid, beef, Poppy seeds, FILLING, Pepper, Crust, Cold water, Frozen green peas, Salt, Butter, flour, flour, 
Line four 8x8x2-inch baking pans with heat-resistant freezer wrap.  Allow  enough extra wrap to fold over top.  Use one pan for each six servings or  one-fourth of the recipe.  Do not line pans for food to be served without  freezing.    FILLING:  Cook onions in boiling water until tender.  Drain; save cooking  liquid.  Melt fat.  Stir in 1 cup flour, salt, and pepper.  Add enough  water to the reserved onion cooking liquid to make 1 1/2 quarts.  Stir in  onion cooking liquid and water slowly.  Add gravy seasoning, if desired.  Cook until thickened, stirring constantly.  Pour gravy over onions, peas,  and beef.  Mix gently.  Pour one-fourth of mixture into each baking pan.  Spread evenly to avoid air pockets.    CRUST:  Mix flour and salt.  Mix in margarine only until mixture is  crumbly.  Add cold water and mix lightly.  Divide dough into four parts.  Roll each part out on lightly floured surface into an 8x8-inch square. Fit  over filling in pans.  Sprinkle with poppy seeds, if desired, using      1/4    teaspoon per pan.    TO SERVE WITHOUT FREEZING:  Preheat oven to 450? F. (hot).  Bake 45 minutes  or until crust is lightly browned.    TO FREEZE:  Cool for 30 minutes at room temperature.  Complete wrapping by  pulling paper up over top of food.  Put edges of wrap together and fold  several times so paper lies directly on top of food.  Fold ends of freezer  wrap over the top and seal with freezer tape.  Label with name of food,  date of freezing, and last date the food should be used for best eating  quality (about 6 months).  Freeze immediately for 10 to 12 hours before  removing packages from the pans.    TO HEAT FROZEN PIE:  Preheat oven to 450? F. (hot).  Remove freezer wrap.  Place food in baking pan.  Bake 1 hour or until filling is bubbly at edges,  crust is lightly browned, and food is hot in center.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #184    Date: Mon, 05 Aug 1996 11:22:43 -0500    From: "R. Winters" <rosie@iadfw.net>  NOTES : This recipe is for 24 servings (about 2/3 cup filling each). =       Directions are given for dividing the prepared food into four       parts of six=       servings each.  One part may be completely cooked and served at       the time of=       preparation.  The remaining parts may be frozen.