Pecan-Studded Breast of Chicken
Vegetable oil, Large; boneless, skinless, Egg whites, 35 % cream (whipping cream), Coarse Dijon mustard (first, Fine breadcrumbs, Bourbon (I have substituted, Coarse Dijon mustard (second, Finely-crushed pecans, 
Date: Sat, 2 Mar 96 14:34:34 EST    submitted by: shicks@julian.uwo.ca    Well folks, this is my first submission. Ive only been subscribed for  about 2 weeks and have been pleased with the variety and quality of recipes  I have received. I live in London, Ontario, CANADA, which is located 1/2  way between Detroit, Michigan, USA and Toronto, Ontario, CANADA; it is  roughly 120 miles (200 km) from both locations. It was rumoured at one  point that our little burb (320,000 inhabitants) had more restaurants per  capita than any other city in the world. I personally dont know whether  this is true, but we do boast some fine eating establishments. One in  particular, Auberge du Petit Prince, has been a part of our town for, I  would imagine, about 25 - 30 years.  It is located in an old mansion in the  core area of the city. Every Wednesday in our local paper, a recipe is  posted by the chef, Mr. Chris Squires. I have made this approximately 1/2  dozen times and the response has always been positive. I especially like  serving it in the spring accompanied with, fresh, young steamed asparagus.    1. Clean chicken of all sinews, fat and skin/bone remnants. In a medium  bowl whisk together egg whites, first amount of mustard and bourbon. In a  separate bowl, mix pecans and breadcrumbs.    2. Dredge chicken in egg mixture, then in crumb mixture. Pat/press crumb  mixture firmly onto chicken breasts. Add oil to hot OVEN PROOF pan and  place chicken breasts in pan. Brown on one side and turn over. Once breasts  are turned, place pan in a 400 F (200 C) oven for 12 - 15 minutes or until  breasts are cooked through. Remove pan from oven and keep warm.    3. Pour cream into another hot pan with second amount of mustard. Bring to  a boil and reduce until thickened. (I have, on occasion, added 1 T of  bourbon/scotch to the sauce for an extra kick).    4. Slice chicken on the bias and arrange on plate. Pour sauce on top. Note:  Unfortunately, no nutritional information was given with this recipe.  Needless to say, it is not a terribly low fat/cholesterol dish. Who gives a  darn, throw caution to the wind and . . . enjoy!    DAVE <DAVIDG@CLAM.RUTGERS.EDU>    RECIPEINTERNET LIST SERVER    From the RECIPEinternet: Recipes from Around the World recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet, G Internet.