Beef Wellington
olive oil, Minced onions, Chopped parsley, Shallots, Pieces of frozen puff pastry, Finely chopped mushrooms;, Red wine, Foie Gras; sliced into, Egg beaten with 1 tablespoon, Assorted exotic mushrooms, Port wine syrup, Beef tenderloin; trimmed and, Garlic, 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the tenderloin with salt and  pepper. In a large saute pan, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil. When the oil  is hot, sear the tenderloin for 2 to 3 minutes on all sides. Remove from  the pan and cool. In a saute pan, heat the remaining olive oil. Add the  onions and saute for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the  shallots and saute for 1 minute. In a mini food processor, add the  mushrooms in batches and pulse the mushrooms a few times to finely chop the  mushrooms. Add the mushrooms to the onions and saute for 2 minutes. Add the  red wine and bring the liquid up to a simmer. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes  or until most of the liquid as dissipated and the mixture is dry. Remove  from the heat and stir in the parsley. Reseason the duxelle if necessary.  Cool the duxelle completely.    Season the Foie Gras slices with salt and pepper. In a hot saute pan, sear  the Foie Gras for 30 seconds on each side. Remove the Foie Gras from the  pan and drain on a paper-lined plate. Place Foie Gras on a clean plate and  add the port wine syrup. Set aside. To assemble; place the two sheets of  puff pastry together, vertically, sealing the ends and forming one big  piece of pastry. Lay the seared tenderloin in the center of the puff  pastry. Smear the duxelle over the top of the tenderloin. Lay the seared  Foie Gras directly on top of the duxelle. Wrap the tenderloin in the puff  pastry, tucking the sides in completely. Brush the entire tenderloin with  the egg wash and place on a baking sheet. Bake the tenderloin for about 30  to 35 minutes for medium rare, or until the pastry is golden brown. Remove  the tenderloin from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before  serving. Serve the Wellington with a drizzle of the port wine sauce and  sprinkle with sauteed mushrooms.    Yield: about 8 servings    EMERIL LIVE SHOW #EMIA32  Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Feb 18, 1998