Strawberry Lemon Trifle
Egg yolks, Whipping cream, Strawberries, GENOISE LAYER, Whipping cream, Lemon juice, Sugar, Butter, Salt, Kirsch, STRAWBERRY SYRUP, Sugar, Sugar, LEMON FILLING, Toasted sliced almonds, Cornstarch, Water, Strawberries, Eggs, Cake flour, 
FOR THE GENOISE: Preheat oven to 350F. Break the eggs into the bowl of an  electric mixer and whisk in salt, then sugar. Place the bowl over a pan of  simmering water and whisk until just lukewarm. Whip by machine until cold  and increased in volume, about 4-to-5 minutes. Mix cake flour and  cornstarch. Sift over egg foam in 3 or 4 additions, folding it in with a  rubber spatula. Pour the batter into a buttered, paper-lined 10-inch round  pan and level it off. Bake the Genoise layer about 30 minutes until it is  well risen, golden and beginning to shrink away from sides. Unmold  immediately and cool on a rack. Bake and cool the Genoise layer. FOR THE  LEMON FILLING: Combine lemon juice, sugar and butter in a non-reactive  saucepan. Bring to a boil over low heat. Whisk yolks in a bowl and whisk in  1/3 mixture. Return remaining lemon mixture to a boil over low heat and  whisk in yolk mixture. Continue cooking several minutes, whisking  constantly, until thickened and just at a boil. Pour into a bowl, press  plastic wrap against surface and chill. Immediately before using, whip  cream and fold into lemon curd. FOR THE STRAWBERRY SYRUP: Combine water and  sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Rinse, hull and puree  strawberries. Add puree and kirsch to syrup off the heat. Strain and chill.  To assemble, rinse remaining berries and reserve six for a decoration. Hull  and slice remaining berries. Cut Genoise into thin vertical slices. Place a  layer of cake slices in a glass serving bowl. Moisten cake with syrup and  strew with 1/4 each of the sliced berries, almonds and jam. Spread with 1/4  of the lemon filling. Repeat with remaining ingredients, ending with a  layer of cake slices and syrup. Whip remaining cream and spread half on the  trifle. Decorate border with remaining cream (pipe with a star tube) and  reserved strawberries. Chill until serving time.    