Beet and Mache Salad, And Sherry Vinaigrette
Thin slices goat cheese, Dijon mustard, Leeks; white part only, Walnut oil, Sherry vinegar, Sprigs fresh thyme, Haricots verts, Black Pepper, Coarse salt and freshly, Kosher salt, Walnuts; toasted, Grapeseed oil, olive oil, Sherry Vinaigrette, SHERRY VINAIGRETTE, Beets, Coarse salt, 
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Wrap each beet individually in aluminum  foil; include a sprig of thyme on top of beet, salt and pepper to taste,  and drizzle 1/4 teaspoon olive oil in each package. Coat bottom of a small  cast-iron skillet evenly with kosher salt. Place skillet in oven, and roast  beets 45 minutes to 1 hour, until tender enough to be pierced with a sharp  knife. Allow them to cool, and peel skin off beets by rubbing in between a  paper towel.    2. Quarter leeks horizontally, without cutting through the root end. Tie  leeks together in a bunch with kitchen string.    3. Bring medium pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch haricots verts until  tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Place ice cubes in a medium mixing bowl and fill  with cold water. Remove from pot with a strainer or slotted spoon, refresh  in bowl of ice water, and drain. Blanch leeks in same pot, until tender, 10  to 15 minutes. Cool to room temperature.    4. Heat remaining 1/2 teaspoon olive oil in a small skillet over medium  heat. Add walnuts; toast until fragrant. Season with salt.    5. Arrange salad on individual plates by thinly slicing one beet per plate  with a mandolin. Season beets with salt and pepper. Arrange haricots verts  on top of beets, then add m=E2che. Drizzle vinaigrette over each salad.  Place two slices of goat cheese on each salad plate, and sprinkle with  toasted walnuts.    SHERRY VINAIGRETTE:    1. In small bowl, whisk together sherry vinegar, Dijon mustard, and  grapeseed and walnut oils. Season to taste.    NOTES: Riad Nasr, chef of Balthazar, one of New York Citys most popular  new restaurants, shows Martha Stewart how to compose this deliciously  balanced salad of red beets, delicate m=E2che, leeks, haricots verts, goat  cheese, and toasted walnuts. The flavors and textures play off each other  perfectly.    Red beets--a great source of vitamin A--add rich color and sweetness;  toasted walnuts and pungent goat cheese, preferably a fresh St. Maure from  France, add texture and bite to this delicious salad.    M=E2che, a member of the chicory family, is an exceptional green also known  as rapunzel, feldsalat, lambs lettuce, and corn salad, the latter because  it is often grown in cornfields. Very delicate, sweet, and nutty, its an  expensive treat because of its high perishability. The clusters are small,  made up of smooth, velvety, tongue-shaped green leaves. Although perfect in  a salad, it can also be cooked like spinach and used in combination with  other delicate herbs and greens. If you are unable to find m=E2che,  substitute fris?e or watercress.    Recipe by: Martha Stewart (Balthazars chef Riad Nasr)    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Valerie Whittle" <catspaw@inetnow.net> on Feb  24, 1998