Lemon Cake
milk, Lemons Rind; Finely Grated, ICING, Fresh Lemon Juice, Granulated sugar, CAKE, All-Purpose Flour; Sifted, Baking Powder, Salt, Butter; Unsalted, Granulated sugar, Eggs, 
Sometimes the best dessert after a big meal is meant to be refreshingly  light. Now this recipe is not necessarily light in ingredients, but it is  light in flavor with a tart-lemon aftertaste that only fresh citrus can  provide. It is certain to enhance all the savory goodness of a memorable  meal.    The Cook & Kitchen Staff recommend your serve this as your C=Contemporary  Thanksgiving Day Dinner Dessert, but its a recipe youll want to keep on  hand for any special occasion throughout the year.    Butter a 9" x 4 1/4" Tube or Bundt Pan and dust lightly with flour or fine,  dry bread crumbs and set aside. Pre-heat the oven to 350-F degrees. To  prepare cake batter mix together the sifted flour, baking powder and salt,  then set aside. In a large mixing bowl, beat butter until soft. Add the  sugar and continue to beat until well mixed. Beat in eggs, one at a time,  scraping the bowl as necessary. Add dry ingredients and continue to mix,  while slowly adding the milk to the batter.    When completely mixed, stir in the lemon rind. Turn the batter gently into  the prepared pan and level the pan by rotating it quickly. Bake for 1 hour  and 5-10 minutes, until cake tester comes out clean. Let the finished cake  stand in the pan for 5-minutes to cool, then cover with a baking rack and  turn cake upside down. Set rack over wax paper to prepare for icing.    To make the icing, mix the lemon juice with the sugar and brush all over  the top of the warm cake. The lemon cake will absorb the icing. Continue to  let the cake cool at least 2-3 hours and serve after lightly powdering the  surface with confectioners sugar.    Variation: Prepare icing with 1/2 cup Key Lime juice for a great lime  flavor.    Happy Baking from The Cook & Kitchen Staff at http://www.recipe-a-day.com    From The Cook & Kitchen Staff at http://www.recipe-a-day.com by The Cook  <thecook@recipe-a-day.com> on Nov 21, 1997