Penne with Garlic Cilantro Cream
Water, Cornstarch, Shallots, salt and pepper, garlic, Baby shrimp, Fresh cilantro leaves;, Extra virgin olive oil;, Chicken Stock, Evaporated milk, Penne pasta, Freshly grated reggiano, 
Roast the garlic or poach it. If you roast the garlic, it will have a  "nutty" flavor.    In a saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and add the shallots. When light  golden brown, add the chicken stock and peeled garlic. Bring to a boil and  add the milk and the diluted cornstarch. Put mixture in a blender and blend  thoroughly until very smooth. Strain through a fine sieve.    Cook the pasta according to package directions. In the meantime, in a saute  pan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and cook the baby shrimp on both sides.  Add the creamy garlic mixture. Season with salt, pepper and cilantro.    Add the (optional) parmesan cheese, mix well. Add the penne and toss to  coat well. Serve immediately.    Roasting Method: Heat oven to 375 degrees. Do not remove the papery outer  skin from the garlic. With a very sharp knife, cut the garlic head in half  sideways. Set the garlic halves, cut side up, on a piece of aluminum foil,  then drizzle each half with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Arrange sprigs of  rosemary on each half and sprinkle with freshly ground black pepper. Close  the aluminum foil and roast for about 45 minutes, or until tender and  buttery.    Poaching Method: Separate the cloves of the head of garlic, but do not peel  them. Bring 2 small saucepans of water to boil, then put the garlic in one  of them. Poach for 7 minutes, then drain and return the garlic to the other  pot of boiling water. Let cook 7 minutes, then drain and return garlic to  the first pot, once again filled with boiling water, for final blanching.  This will eliminate any bitterness. Cool the garlic briefly, then slip the  cloves out of their skins.    This recipe may look complicated, but really, it is quite easy to prepare.  The key to its success is to either blanch or roast the garlic. Whichever  method you select, you are going to love it. If you do not have baby  shrimp, try to make it with chicken tenderloin ... it is also an incredible  dish.    Recipe by: Chef Jean Pierre (http://www.chefjeanpierre.com)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #795 by MsRooby <msrooby@blarg.net> on Sep  21, 1997