Penne Sauced with Leeks and Lemon
Salt, Trimmed medium leeks; (4 to, Grated Parmesan cheese, Lemon zest; minced, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Black Pepper, Sea salt, Penne or other short pasta, Water; (5 to 6), Lemon juice, Water; (1 to 2), Chopped flat-leaf parsley, 
This is a basic recipe that demonstrate the cooks desire to use as much of  the nutritients and flavors that leech to the water when cooking vegetables  and pasta.  Clean the leeks: Remove roots and any tough, bruised outer leek leaves.  Split each leek in half lengthwise and rinse carefully to eliminate all  dirt between leaves.  Relish: Slice some leek, a small section of the white part, into the  thinnest possible half-rings, stop when you make 1/4 cup. Toss this measure  with the lemon juice and set aside.  Cook to puree: Bring the 5 to 6 quarts water to a rolling boil; add salt  and cook remaining leeks (cut into chunks that fit in the pot) for 6 to 8  minutes until soft, and totally tender. Remove leeks from pot with slotted  spoon, refresh in cold water; drain and squeeze lightly to remove excess  water. Reserve leek cooking water.  Puree leeks in food processor with lemon zest, parsley, extra virgin olive  oil, 1/2 cup leek cooking water, salt and pepper. Transfer sauce to 3-quart  pot.  Cook pasta: Add 1 to 2 cups fresh water to leek cooking water and return to  rolling boil. Add pasta and cook until it al dente (about three-quarters of  the recommended cooking time).  Drain, *reserving 2 cups cooking water.*    Add pasta, 1/2 cup pasta water and (lemon) marinated leek rings, drained,  to leek puree in pot and cook over highest heat for 3 to 5 minutes until  pasta is almost cooked and sauce coats pasta. Add more pasta water, 1/4 cup  at a time if sauce gets too dry. Sauce should surround pasta but be  slightly liquid.  We still have cheese to add and the cheese will thicken  the sauce.  Add grated Parrnesan cheese, heat for an additional minute to melt cheese,  and serve immediately.  1996 by Faith Willinger: Red, White, and Greens: The Italian Way with  Vegetables (Harper-Collins). Willinger has lived in Florence, Italy for  more than 20 years. Reprinted 3 Oc 96 in the Riverside Press-Enterprise  (McRecipe via PATh)  Recipe By     : Faith Willinger, Red, White and Greens    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #253    Date: Sun, 20 Oct 1996 21:35:17 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>