Pennsylvania Scrapple
Salt, sweet marjoram, Water, Yellow corn meal, Beef liver, Buckwheat flour, Ground thyme, Ground mace, Black Pepper, Ground coriander, Sage, Ground lean pork, 
Any number of displaced Pennsylvania people will tell you that the only  thing wrong with Scrapple is that you cant buy it anywhere very far from  its origin. Even in Pennsylvania where it originated and was known as  "Ponhaws", it is getting scarce.    The trouble is economics. Scrapple was a way of using odd bits and pieces  of meat, combined with meal and spices, and it was, thus a product of farm  kitchens and small meat packers. For several years, one of the big meat  packers in the Middle West sold scrapple in cans, but theres not much left  of Scrapple selling today. The market is to small, and the product costs  too much, for scrapple to get to much attention.    But for those of us who love it I think that there is nothing as  satisfying, especially as a breakfast meat. Properly made and cooked, it  has the flavor of a good pork sausage combined with the crispness of bacon.    There are a number of Scrapple recipes, however, this is an old family one  that has proven itself for years. One of its strong points is that it cooks  well; and perhaps even more important, it survives freezing without damage.    In a large pot, add the water and bring to a boil. Add the liver and boil  10 minutes. Remove the liver and either run through a chopper or grab a  knife and cut it in as small pieces as you can. Return to pot. Add the  ground pork, a little at a time, and stir. If you add the pork all at once,  you will end up with a big "clump". Boil at about a simmer for 20 minutes.    In a large bowl mix the buckwheat flour, corn meal, salt, and spices; add  to meat and broth slowly, constanstanly stirring. Simmer gently for one  hour, stirring very frequently. Use lowest possible heat, as mixture  scorches easily.    Pour into greased loaf pans, (you will need two - this receipt will make  two four pound pans for a total of eight pounds) bounce the pans a couple  of times so that the Scrapple settles, and let cool. At this point it is  best to let the let the Scrapple set in the refigerator overnight.    Now, as you arise in the morning, remove the scrapple from the refer and  cut into to 3/8 inch slices. To freeze, lay a sheet of waxed paper between  slices and then put in ziplock bags and into the freezer.    To serve, thaw and dust with flour and fry in either bacon grease or lard  until golden brown. Should you decide to use "Pam" or other such modern  devices, you will not only ruin the Scrapple, but my grandmother, and  perhaps her grandmother who developed this receipt will descend upon you  and rack vengeance beyond imagination.    Some people prefer their Scrapple with maple syrup. Personally, I like to  lay a couple of slices of Scrapple along two fried eggs, put lots of butter  on the Scrapple, then grab my pepper mill and make everything look like a  gravel truck just past over it. And, as you eat, mix the eggs and Scrapple  together and use a good "pusher" (fresh crusty bread) to get it together.  Enjoy.  Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Feb 05, 1998