Peppers Garlic Soup
Worcestershire Sauce, Dried tomatoes, Nuoc mam, Dried tabasco peppers,, Galangal root, cut into, Chipotle peppers, broken, Dried shiitake mushrooms, Head regular garlic ;, Crumbled sage, Salt, Dried Oregano, Worcestershire Sauce, Water, Bay Leaves, Black bean sauce, STOCK:, Dried shrimp, Black pepper, Elephant garlic ; chopped, Oyster sauce, Nuoc mam, Dried tomatoes, FOR THE SOUP:, Yellow onion, Roasted beef bones, Black pepper, Warm water, Peanut oil, 
First, roast your soup bones for 45 minutes at 325 degrees. Remove from  oven and put into 6 quarts water along with the rest of the stock  ingredients. Boil gently for about 45 minutes, skimming off the scum that  rises to the top.    While the stock is boiling, soak the dried shiitakes in warm water for 30  minutes, then drain and coarsely chop. Also chop 3 cloves of elephant  garlic fine, heat three-quarters of a cup of peanut oil to 375 degrees, and  fry the chopped garlic until golden brown. Remove and set aside; chop one  small yellow onion fine, add half to the hot oil, and fry this until it too  is golden brown. Set aside.    When the stock is done strain it, return the liquid to the pot, and add  your cracked chipotle peppers, shiitake mushrooms, 10 dried tomatoes, black  pepper, black bean sauce, oyster sauce, nuoc mam, worcestershire sauce, and  four cups of warm water. Add the chopped yellow onion you did not fry,  press one head (about 10-15 cloves) of regular garlic in, and bring to a  gentle boil for 45 minutes to an hour, stirring occasionally.    About 10 minutes before serving reduce to a simmer, add the fried elephant  garlic and fried yellow onion, and cover.    Enjoy!  Recipe By     : Tom Solomon    Posted to FOODWINE Digest  9 October 96    Date:    Wed, 9 Oct 1996 08:20:17 -0700    From:    Tom Solomon <bigheat@EARTHLINK.NET>    NOTES :  Nuoc mam (Vietnamese fish sauce), Oyster Sauce, Black Bean Sauce,  and Galangal (a kind of mustard-flavored ginger relative) are generally    available at Asian markets.