Pepper-Seared Guinea Fowl with New Potato Crepe
Cracked black pepper, Chopped fresh parsley, -8 inch Crepes, Sprigs fresh parsley, Coarse salt, Sliced morels (or other, Spanish onion, Vegetable oil, Unsalted butter, Chicken Stock, (Approximately) melted, Red Bliss potatoes, olive oil, Dry white wine, Guinea fowl, Mirepoix, Bouquet Garni, 
Using a sharp boning knife, remove each breast half from the guinea fowl  and cut into 6 boneless breasts with wing handles. Do not remove the skin.  Cover breasts and refrigerate until ready to roast. Again using the boning  knife, cut down through the leg joint removing all 6 legs form the fowl.  Carefully remove skin, fat, and tendons. Make a deep cut, lengthwise, down  each leg and scrape the meat away from the bone. Cut the leg meat into  strips 2 inches long by 1/4-inch thick. Cover and refrigerate. Preheat oven  to 350 degrees F.  Place guinea carcasses in a roasting pan in preheated  oven and roast for 40 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from oven.  Drain off all fat.  Using a cleaver, crack carcasses into small pieces and  set aside. Place roasting pan over medium-high heat. Add wine and cook,  stirring constantly, for about 3 minutes to deglaze pan. Heat 1 tablespoon  of olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the mire poix and  sachet and saute for 3 minutes. Add the reserved roasted guinea bones,  scrape mixture from the pan and reserve. Add wine and cook for 10 minutes.  Raise heat and add 3 cups of chicken stock. Season to taste with salt and  pepper. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Remove from  heat and strain through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Skim all fat  and any particles from the top.  Return to medium heat and cook for about  15 minutes, or until reduced to 1 1/2 cups. Remove from heat and set aside.  Peel potatoes. Place them in a medium saucepan with water to cover over  medium-high heat. Add salt to taste. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer  for 12 minutes, or until potatoes are tender when pierced with the point of  a sharp knife. Drain well. Cut, crosswise, into thin slices. Set aside.  Peel onion and slice it, crosswise, into thin slices. Set aside. Remove leg  meat from the refrigerator. Season lightly with salt and pepper to taste.  Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat.  When very hot but not smoking, add the meat and saute for 4 minutes. Stir  in the remaining cup of stock and cook for about 15 minutes, or until meat  is very tender and the liquid has reduced to a glaze. Remove from heat and  scrape into a mixing bowl. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in the same  saute pan over medium heat. Add onion and saute for 5 minutes, or until  lightly browned. Stir in potatoes and saute for 1 minute. Remove from heat  and add to meat. Stir in 1 tablespoon of chopped parsley. Taste and adjust  seasoning with salt and pepper. Lay the crepes out on a clean, flat  surface. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat one side with melted butter.  Divide potato stuffing into 6 equal portions and place a portion in the  center of each crepe. Fold the sides of the crepes over the filling.  Starting from one open end, roll up each crepe to make a firm but not tight  cylinder. Again, brush them with melted butter. Place on a small nonstick  baking sheet and set aside. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Remove breasts  from refrigerator. Season generously with coarse salt and cracked pepper.  Heat vegetable oil in a saute pan large enough to hold the 6 breasts over  medium-high heat. When very hot, place the breasts, skin-side down, in pan.  Sear for 5 minutes, or until lightly browned. Turn and cook for 4 minutes.  Remove to a baking sheet and place in the preheated oven along with the  crepes. Bake for about 10 minutes, or until meat is just cooked and crepes  are golden. Melt the tablespoon of butter in the same saute pan over medium  heat, stirring constantly to scrape up solids from the bottom of the pan.  Add morels and saute for 6 minutes, or until tender. Add reduced stock,  remaining 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.  Bring to a simmer and cook for 2 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning.  Reduce heat to very low to keep sauce warm. Remove crepes and breasts from  oven. Lay one crepe in the center of each of 6 warm dinner plates. Angle a  breast against each crepe. Spoon a generous portion of sauce over the crepe  and fowl. Garnish with  a sprig of fresh parsley and serve immediately.  Yield: 6 serving Recipe By  : COOKING LIVE SHOW #CL8756 Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #298 Date: Tue,  12 Nov 1996 15:24:02 -0500 From: "Angele and Jon Freeman"  <jfreeman@netusa1.net> NOTES  : (Courtesy of Charlie Palmer