Peppermint Marble Cheesecake
FILLING, Egg white, Crust, Sugar, Margarine Or Butter; Melted, Chocolate Shamrocks;, Container Nonfat Cottage, Green Food Color; (Up To 4), White Chocolate Baking Bar, Peppermint Extract, Light Cream Cheese (8 Oz, Vanilla extract, Chocolate Wafer Cookie, 
Lightly coat 9-inch springform pan with no-stick cooking spray. In small  bowl, combine crust ingredients; mix well. Press evenly into bottom of  prepared pan. Bake in 325 degree oven for 8 minutes; cool.    In work bowl of food processor fitted with steel knife, puree light cream  cheese and cottage cheese. Add sugar and vanilla; process to blend. Add  melted white chocolate; process just to blend. In small bowl, beat egg  whites until stiff peaks form. Add small amount of egg whites to batter;  process just until blended. Reserve 1 c cheesecake batter; pour remaining  batter over crust. Add peppermint extract and food color to reserved 1 c  batter; blend well. Drop tablespoonfuls of peppermint batter onto batter in  pan, forming 5 to 6 dollops. Using a table knife, swirl peppermint batter  through light batter to marble. Bake in a 325 degree oven to 40 to 50  minutes until edges are set and center is almost set. Turn oven off; let  cheesecake stand in oven 30 minutes with door open. Remove from oven; run  sharp knife around sides of pan. Cool to room temperature on wire rack.  Cover; refrigerate at least 24 hours before serving. To serve, remove sides  of pan. Garnish with Chocolate Shamrocks, if desired. Store remaining  cheesecake in refrigerator.    NOTES : Chocolate Shamrocks:  Place 1 ounce semi-sweet chocolate in  freezer-weight reclosable plastic bag.  Immerse in very hot water to melt  chocolate; cool slightly.  Make small snip on one corner of bag. Cover  baking sheet with waxed paper.  Cut shamrock pattern out of paper and place  under waxed paper.  Pipe chocolate in shamrock outline, moving pattern  under waxed paper to make each design. Repeat with 1 ounce white chocolate  baking bar. Refrigerate until chocolate is set. With spatula, transfer  shamrocks to cheesecake. TIP: To make in blender, puree cottage cheese in  batches with the sugar. Beat light cream cheese in large bowl until smooth  and creamy. Beat in pureed cottage cheese. Continue adding ingredients as  directed. TIP: For ease in cutting, dip knife in hot water before slicing.  TIP:  For a flavor variation, substitute lemon extract for peppermint  extract.  Use several drops of yellow food color instead of green.  Recipe by: Dierbergs Home Economists    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Jill & Joe Proehl <jpxtwo@swbell.net> on Apr  05, 1998