Peppermint Stick Cookies
Baking soda, Confectioners sugar, Peppermint Extract, Red Food Coloring, Vanilla, Egg, All-purpose flour, Cream of tartar, Stick Margarine; Softened, Yellow Food Coloring, 
In large mixer bowl mix margarine, sugar, egg, vanilla, and peppermint  extract. In a small bowl combine the flour, baking soda and cream of  tartar. Blend into creamed mixture on low speed, scraping sides of bowl,  until a soft dough is formed.    Divide dough in half, removing one half to a  small bowl. To the remaining  hald add the red and yellow food colorings. Blend  in to color all of that  portion of the dough completely.    Preheat oven to 375F.    Working first with the plain uncolored dough, or having another person or  child work with half of the  dough, roll pieces of dough on counter or  other flat surface to form "worm" or pencil shapes or various lengths.  Begining in one corner and alternating the colors, place them diagonally in  a  jelly roll pan.  The stripes should be close enough that when they are  pressed down lightly they will touch. The dough is very forgiving and short  "worms" can bw pinced together to form long ones in the pan. When the pan  is full, press lightly to push strips together. Bake about 15 minutes at  375? until lightly golden brown.    Cut immediately into sticks aproximately 1"x3". (depends on the pan!)  Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and store air tight.    Cookies may be "crisped" in a warm oven if  needed to freshen them.  Sprinkle with fresh sugar after reheating.    This dough may also be formed into  cane shapes. Make pencil sized "worms"  and twist together. Bend one end for cane shape. Bake and dust with  confectioners sugar. Store as bar cookies.  Recipe By     : Gold Medal Flour and Dianne Ward    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #318    Date: Tue, 26 Nov 1996 15:31:52 +0000    From: Dianne Larson Ward <dianne@paccom.com>    NOTES : The original version of this recipe  came from  a Gold Medal Flour  insert from the early 1970s.  It is a great "get the kids    involved" recipe.  Dave and Juli both began helping for the "worms" for    them at a very young age. It remains a favorite cookie for us all.  I    adapted the original recipe in flavoring and technique.  The "worm"    technique makes a more attractive cookie and makes it a fun  project for    the kids.