Pere Al Forno Con Sapa (Baked Pears with Sapa)
Pears, peeled, halved, and, Lemons, grated and juiced., Cinnamon, Sweet butter for buttering, 
We had some people for dinner the other night and I cooked up a great  dessert from The Splendid Table by Lynne Kaspar, which is a collection of  recipes from Emiglia-Romana. (Published by Morrow, a few years ago.) You  make a cooking syrup first, and then bake the pears. I decided to try the  dessert because I wanted to try the syrup, which the cookbook called a  sapa. Besides, chopping up the grapes and letting them sit for a few days  made me think they might start to ferment. How romantic. Id be making a  kind of pre-wine.    1. Heat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter the baking dish (or two dishes, if  you have to)    2. Put the pears in a bowl and stir them around with the lemon juice. This  keeps the pears from turning brown during cooking.    3. Place the pears and lemon juice in the baking dish, cut side down.  Sprinkle the cinnamon and lemon zest over the pears. Place in the oven and  bake until the pears are tender, about an hour. Every fifteen or twenty  minutes pour one-third cup of the sapa over the pears. In all you want to  use one cup of the sapa.    4. If the pan juices are too runny, pour them off and reduce them over high  heat until they thicken. Pour back over the pears. Serve the pears warm or  at room temperature, along with the rest of the sapa in the pitcher.  Garnish with small bunches of red grapes, if you wish.    By this time, the sapa had mellowed and the result was exceptional. Its a  classic Italian dish--simple, elegant, wonderful, full of flavour. Long  live Italian cooking. I used the rest of the sapa as a) a quick syrup to  pour over ice cream one night and b) to cook yet more pears a few nights  later. My husband wanted to try some of the sapa on his cereal in the  morning, but wed used it all up by that time. But it doesnt sound like a  very good idea. Anyone interested in Italian cooking should look into The  Splendid Table. Although of course Marcella Hazens books are the starting  point for all serious lovers of la cucina italiana.    Posted to FOODWINE Digest 24 Jan 97 by "David L. Rados"  <radosdl@CTRVAX.VANDERBILT.EDU> on Jan 25, 1997.