Peppery Potato Hash
Eggs, olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, Fresh Parsley; Chopped or, Fresh Oregano; Chopped, Low Fat Parmesan Cheese;, (14 1/2-oz) Diced tomatoes, Greens; Kale; Collards or, Garlic, Crushed red pepper, Potatoes; Scrubbed & Cut, 
Back in the good old days when the morning chores were completed and there  was a break in the duties of the day, a hearty breakfast would be served to  keep the day moving and refresh the laborer until lunch-time. Todays  recipe from The Cook & Kitchen Staff does not have to be served for  breakfast. It makes a fantastic stand alone lunch or hearty side-serving  for a big brunch.    This recipe contains 365 calories per serving with 11 grams of fat, so it  barely makes it into our On the Lighter Side of Cooking theme. If youre on  a carbo-rich diet, its a great little recipe with 52 grams of  carbohydrates per serving.    Prepare potatoes in a large pot of boiling, lightly salted water until  half-cooked, approximately 10-minutes. Remove potatoes from pot with a  slotted spoon and set aside. Keep water boiling for the greens.    Meanwhile, wash and clean the greens and remove any tough stems. Stack  leaves of greens on a cutting board and coarsely chop. Quantity will be  approximately 16 cups of chopped greens, loosely packed. Add greens to  boiling water and cook until nearly tender. Recommended time to cook is  3-minutes for chard and 10-minutes for kale or tougher greens with thicker  stems. Drain partially cooked greens in a colander.    Heat oil in a large non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and red  pepper, cook, stirring occasionally for about 1-minute. Add reserved  potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally until they start to brown,  approximately 5-10 minutes. Add tomatoes and greens. Cook, tossing gently,  until heated through, about 5-minutes. Season with salt and pepper.    Reduce heat to low. Make 4 equal sections in the potato hash and break an  egg into the indented center of each section. Cover Skillet and cook until  eggs are set, approximately 5-minutes. Sprinkle with cheese and parsley (or  oregano) and serve immediately.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by The Cook & Kitchen Staff  <owner-dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com> on Jan 13, 1998