Peppery Roasted Pumpkin and Potato Ragout
Peas fresh or frozen; thawed, Safflower oil, Jalapeno relish; for topping, Red potatoes; skin on, cubed, White onion; cut as directed, Ground nutmeg, Vegetable broth; enhanced, ADDITIONS, Dried savory, Annato seeds, Mashed potato flakes; or, Pumpkin cubes, Garlic cloves; left whole, Lime; squeezed for juice, Seasoned pepper; or more, Garlic salt; or salt, to, Ground coriander, 
REVIEW: Colorful and spicy stew; serve with a European blend or spinach  salad and rolls. To enhance the flavors of winter squash and potatoes we  briefly sauteed the large (1-1/4") cubes in annato flavored oil to coat and  then roasted the vegetables with herbs and spices. Tip: Make the squash  cubes larger than the potato chunks, which will be denser. Allow to cool  then proceed to assemble the stew. If you prefer not to use a hot chutney  as a condiment, add a few red pepper flakes to the stew when you add the  seasoned pepper.    PANTRY *Schillings seasoned pepper: dried bell pepper flakes and black  peppercorns, coarsely ground. *Fall Harvest Chutney by Harry and David;  contains apples, corn syrup, brown sugar, water, cranberries, vinegar, red  bell peppers, onions, raisins, jalapeno peppers, pectin, spice, salt,  crushed garlic.    INSTRUCTIONS: Cut onion in half lengthwise; cut into 1/2" slices but do not  separate into rings. Heat oil in large roasting pan over medium. Add the  annato seeds and cover the pan. When you hear the seeds pop (if they are  fresh) or after about 1 minute, stir the seeds to color the oil. Turn off  the heat; remove and discard seeds.    Add the potato chunks, garlic cloves, and onion slices to the pan; toss to  coat with the oil. Layer the pumpkin or winter squash cubes on top;  sprinkle with coriander, nutmeg and savory. Drizzle with the juice of 1/2  lime. Cover. Roast in a 400F (200C) oven for about 30 minutes. Remove from  oven and let stand to cool for at least 30 minutes.    Remove the onion pieces and garlic and coarsely chop. Heat another pan,  about 3 qt., and when moderately hot, add the onion and garlic and stir to  dry slightly. With a slotted spoon, transfer the potatoes and squash to the  pan. Sprinkle generously with the assorted peppers. Cook undisturbed to dry  a bit then add the hearty vegetable broth, including the broth from the  roasting pan, the potato flakes or other thickener, and peas. Bring just to  a boil, then simmer for about 6 minutes. Adjust flavor with salt or garlic  salt. Serve in bowls and top each serving with a teaspoon of a spicy  relish. PER SERVING: 190 CAL, 5.7G fat (26% cff); 29.6G carb.    ~-[veg times]-- PEPPERED PUMPKIN AND POTATO RAGOUT (Stove top). No annato  or spices used for roasting. In large pot, heat oil over medium heat. Add  onion and garlic, and cook, stirring often, until onion is soft, about 5  minutes. Add pumpkin (or other winter squash), potato, salt, and a blend of  black, white and chilli pepper flakes, all coarsely ground. Toss to coat  with oil. Stir in the stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer  and cook until pumpkin and potato are tender, about 20 minutes. Add peas  and cook just until peas are tender, about 5 minutes. Serve hot. PER  SERVING: 156 CAL, 4.0G fat (23% cff); 6G prot.; 27G carb; 1080MG sodium  (mostly from the stock and the salt); 5G fiber.    Recipe by: Hanneman (sa VegTime Jan 98)    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n003 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Jan 03, 1998