Peppys Pita Bread
Salt, All-purpose flour, 1 POUND, Sugar, Active dry yeast, Water, Water, 1 1/2 POUND, Sugar, Salt, Vegetable oil, Active dry yeast, All-purpose flour, Vegetable oil, 
Place all ingredients in bread pan.  Select dough setting. Press start.  When dough has risen long enough, machine will beep. Turn dough onto a  lightly floured countertop or cutting board. Gently roll and stretch dough  into a 12 inch rope.    FOR 1 1/2 POUND-With a sharp knife, divide dough into 8 pieces FOR 1 POUND  DOUGH-With a sharp knife, divide dough into 6 pieces    Roll each piece into a smooth ball.  With a rolling pin, roll each ball  into a 6 or inch circle.  Set aside on a lightly floured countertop; Cover  with a towel.  Let pitas rise about 30 minutes until slightly puffy.  Position oven rack in middle of oven;preheat to 500 degrees.  Place 2 to 3  pitas on a wire cake rack.  Place cake rack directly on oven rack; bake  pitas 4 to 5 minutes until puffed and tops begin to brown Remove from oven  and immediately place pitas in a sealed brown    Paper bag or cover them with a damp towel until soft.  Once the pitas are  softened, either cut in half or split open the top edge for half or whole  pitas.  They can be stored in a plastic bag in the refrigerator for several  days or in the freezer for 1 or 2 months.      1 1/2    POUND YIELDS 8 PITAS 1 POUND YIELDS 6 PITAS    HINTS: Dont give up the first time if not perfect. Here are tips: 1. The  pitas puff up during baking, so avoid using too much flour while rolling  them out.  Keep unrolled balls covered to avoid them drying out. 2. Those  that dont puff up perfectly during baking were probably torn or creased in  handling, so handle with care while rolling and transferring from counter  to cake rack. 3. Avoid overbaking, they will turn crisp and brittle.    Bread Machine Magic by Linda Rehberg and Lois Conway St. Martins Press.  From: Bread-Bakers Archives: ftp.best.com/pub/reggie/archives/bread/recipe    Recipe By     : Bread Machine Magic, L. Rehberg & L. Conway