Perfect Flaky Cream Cheese Pie Crust
Salt, Bleached all-purpose flour, water, Cream cheese, Unsalted butter, 
** CAN MAKE BY HAND OR USE FOOD PROCESSOR    Divide the butter into two parts: 3 tablespoons and 9 tablespoons. Cut the  butter into 1/2-inch cubes, keeping the two parts separate. Wrap each  portion with plastic wrap (preferably Saran brand) and refrigerate for at  least 15 minutes.    Food Processor Method:    Place the flour and salt in a food processor with the metal blade and  process for a few seconds to combine. Add the smaller amount of butter  cubes and the cream cheese and process for about 15 seconds or until the  mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the remaining butter cubes and process  for 4 to 6 seconds or until the remaining pieces of butter are the size of  small peas. Do not overprocess or crust will not be flaky.    Add the ice water and pulse 4 times. The dough will be in moist fine  particles which appear dry but should hold together when pinched with the  fingers. Dump the mixture into a plastic bag and press the outside of the  bag until the dough holds together. Knead the dough briefly in the bag  until you can form a smooth ball.    Remove the dough from the bag and divide it in half. Wrap each piece of  dough with plastic wrap and flatten it into a disc. Refrigerate it for at  least 45 minutes or up to 2 days.    Hand Method:    Place the flour and salt in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Use a  pastry cutter or two knives to cut the butter and cream cheese into the  flour, the first addition into coarse meal, the second into small peas just  as with the food processor method. When adding the ice water, sprinkle it  on, tossing the mixture lightly with a fork. Use your hands to gather the  dough together and knead it briefly on the counter until it forms a smooth  ball. Divide the dough into two equal parts, wrap each piece with plastic  wrap and flatten it inot a disc. Refrigerate for at least 45 minutes or up  to 2 days.    ~ -- Saran Wrap is the ideal plastic wrap for rolling the dough because it  lies very flat.    ~ -- Dont fold the dough when transferring it to the pie plate because it  is likely to crack a little. Rolling it loosely around the rolling pin  works best.    The secret to success is incorporating the cream cheese and part of the  butter into the flour, which keeps the flour from absorbing too much water  and forming gluten, which would make the crust tough. The remainder of the  butter is incorporated in larger pieces, which serve to separate the  layers, resulting in the desired flakiness.    Very little water is needed because the cream cheese is 51 percent water.  The addition of a small amount of water activates a little gluten,  strengthening the structure just enough to prevent cracking (which would  result in leaking of the filling) when the crust is baked. This pie crust  does not shrink or distort as much because there is less gluten development  than usual.    Flattening the dough into a disc before refrigerating makes it easier to  roll without cracking. The dough is rested to relax the gluten, making it  less elastic and easier to roll. Chilling firms the butter, preventing  sticking during rolling and the need for extra flour, which would toughen  it.    For a two-crust pie, I divide the dough in half because I like the top  crust, which gets the crispest and most delicious, to be thicker than the  bottom crust. (The bottom crust is rolled 1 inch larger.)    Makes: pastry for a two crust 9-inch pie    KEEPS: At least 2 days refrigerated, 3 months if frozen.    MC formatted by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>;mc and  bakery-shoppe 6/5/97    Recipe by: Rose Levy Beranbaum, Roses Celebrations; badams Posted to  MC-Recipe Digest V1 #636 by Badams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Jun 05,  1997