Perfect Fish and Chips Nov 1997
Warm water, Egg white, Salt, Salt and white pepper, BATTER, Sugar, Lemon juice, Flour, Sole fillet, Beer, Oil for frying, Active dry yeast, Vegetable oil, Flour, 
FISH:    1. Wash fish filets in lemon and water.    2. Season with salt and pepper. Chill while you prepare the batter.    BATTER:    1. Sprinkle yeast over warm water. Let stand until dissolved.    2. Place flour in a bowl with the salt and sugar and make a well in the  center. Add the dissolved yeast, oil and 2/3 of the beer and stir with a  wooden spoon just to combine. Stir in remaining beer.    3. Let the batter stand, covered, in a warm place 30 to 35 minutes, until  it has thickened and becomes frothy    4. Dry fish with paper towels and cut each fillet diagonally in 2 pieces.    5. Heat the oven to warm    6. Stir together remaining flour, pepper and sal in a plate. Heat the oil    7. Whip egg white until it forms soft peaks and fold it into the batter.    8. Coat fish with seasoned flour, patting so they are evenly coated.    9. Shake off excess flour.    10. Using a 2 pronged fork dip the fish in the batter. Lift it out and hold  it over the bowl 5 seconds to drip off excess batter.    11. Carefully lower the piece of fish into the hot oil and deep fry ,  turning once until golden brown and crisp.    12. Fry 1 or 2 pieces at a time, transferring to paper towels as you go.    13. Keep warm in the oven until all fish is done, or until you finish  frying the potatoes. ( separate recipe)    14. Serve with lemon wedges and tartar sauce.    NOTES : Ive made slight changes to the original recipe. you may add dried  herbs to the batter same batter may be used for onion rings, shrimp,  vegetables. Note: In the book the order of making it is given as follows:  1. Make the tartar sauce and chill 1. Peel and cut potatoes 2. Soak them in  very cold water ( I placed ice cubes in the water). 3. prepare batter.  4.Wash fish and season. 5. Drain and cook potatoes in plenty of hot oil,  just until partially cooked.Drain to paper towels. 6. Fry fish 7. Fry  potatoes, until golden 8. Drain in paper towels.  Recipe by: Ann Willians " Perfect Fish Classics"    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #897 by Leon & Miriam Posvolsky  <miriamp@pobox.com> on Nov 10, 1997