Perfect Pie Dough, Tips
***  NON   NE *****, 
There are a few general rules that obtain no matter what kind of crust or  filling you choose; follow these and you and your crust will be golden. (In  fact, these same tips will help you make lovely biscuits and scones too.)    ? Work in a bowl thats large enough for you to dig into with both hands.    ? Always use unsalted butter and make sure it is extremely cold. Cut the  butter into 1/2-inch cubes before adding it to the flour.    ? Use a pastry blender or your fingertips to cut the butter into the flour.  Work as quickly as you comfortably can and stop when the mixture resembles  coarse crumbs.    ? When you use solid vegetable shortening, chill it and cut it into chunks  a bit bigger than the butter cubes. Work the shortening into the dough  until The mixture forms moist clumps and curds - when you add the liquid,  youll get even larger clumps.    ? Keep the liquid icy-cold. Add it a spoonful at a time, using a fork to  toss the mixture and incorporate the liquid into the dough. When the dough  has curds and clumps that stick together when pressed lightly between your  fingers, its just right. If you have any doubts, keep in mind that its  better to add too much liquid than too little; too little, and the crust  will be dry and difficult to roll.    ? Gently gather the dough into a round and then flatten it into a rough  approximation of the shape youll be rolling it into.    ? Chill it. Even if the dough feels cool to the touch, give it at least 30  minutes, preferably an hour, in the refrigerator. This rest gives the  gluten (the protein that forms webs in flour) a chance to calm down so that  when you start to roll the dough, it wont spring back.    ? Roll the dough on a flour-dusted smooth, cool surface - marble is great,  chilled marble is ideal.    ? Roll the dough from the center out, rolling on one side and making  certain to roll across the entire surface of the dough evenly. Lift the  dough frequently to make sure it doesnt stick. As you roll, turn the dough  ~ an eighth of a turn each time will keep it round.    ? Transfer the dough to your pie or tart pan either by folding the dough in  quarters, centering it in the pan, and unfolding it, or by rolling it up  around your rolling in and unrolling it over the pan.    ? Dont pull or stretch the dough - what you stretch now will shrink back  later. Gently work the dough into the pan, lifting it to get a smooth fit  against the bottom and up the sides. Follow the recipes directions for  forming and crimping the edge of the pie or tart.    ? Chill the crust. Whether you are going to bake the crust blind (that is,  bake it without filling, lined with foil or parchment and filled with pie  weights or beans) or with a filling, give it a rest in the refrigerator.  Its had a tough workout during the rolling and the gluten needs another  chance to relax.    Per serving: 0 Calories; 0g Fat (0% calories from fat); 0g Protein; 0g  Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 0mg Sodium    NOTES : Source: Baking with Julia Child    Recipe by: Ron West    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest by Ron West <ronwest@centex.net> on Feb 14,  1998