Perfect Lemon Bars
Unsalted butter;, (1-1/2, LEMON FILLING, Salt, All-purpose flour, Cornstarch, All-purpose flour, Crust, Salt, Fresh lemon juice; strained, Finely grated lemon zest;, Eggs; beaten lightly, Granulated sugar, Whole Milk, 
Recipe By : Susan Logozzo, in Cooks Illustrated Magazine May/June 1998    1. For the crust: Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 350  degrees. Lightly butter a I 3-by-9-inch baking dish and line with one sheet  parchment or wax paper. Dot paper with butter, then lav second sheet  crosswise over it (see illustration II above).    2. Pulse flour, confectioners sugar, cornstarch, and salt in food  processor workbowl fitted with steel blade. Add butter and process to  blend, 8 to I 0 seconds, then pulse until mixture is pale yellow and  resembles coarse meal, about three 1 -second bursts. (To do this by hand,  mix flour, confectioners sugar, cornstarch, and salt in medium bowl.  Freeze butter and grate it on large holes of box grater into flour mixture.  Toss butter pieces to coat. Rub pieces between your fingers for a minute,  until flour turns pale yellow and coarse.) Sprinkle mixture into lined pan  and, following illustration 2, press firmly with fingers into even,  1/4-inch layer over entire pan bottom and about 1/2 inch up sides.  Refrigerate for 30 minutes, then bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes.    3. For the filling: Meanwhile, whisk eggs, sugar, and flour in medium bowl,  then stir in lemon juice, milk, and salt to blend well.    4. To finish the bars.- Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees. Stir  filling mixture to rcblend; pour into warm crust. Bake until filling feels  firm when touched lightly, about 20 minutes. Transfer pan to wire rack;  cool to near room temperature, at least 30 minutes. Following illustrations  3 and 4, above, transfer to cutting board, fold paper down, and cut into  serving- size bars, "wiping knife or pizza cutter clean between cuts, as  necessary. Sieve confectioners sugar over bars, if desired. Lemon bars  made with extra egg yolks and relatively little filling were flat and edgy;  our final recipe has the tender but firm texture we liked best; bars made  with extra filling and no starch oozed when cut; those made with extra  lemon but no milk had an unpleasantly sticky texture.    Nutritional information: 15.6 calories; 7.0g fat; 1.8g protein; 21.9g  carbohydrates; 47mg cholesterol; 90mg sodium. Diabetic exchanges: 1/2  grain/starch; 1-1/2 fat; 1 other carbohydrates.  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by SuenDoug@aol.com on May 27, 1998