Persian New Year Noodle Soup
Dried chickpeas, scallions or chives, Tumeric, Tumeric, Red wine vinegar, Chopped parsley, garlic, Onions, garlic, fresh dill, fresh spinach, Dried Red Kidney beans, Water, Lentils, Sauteeing liquid, Sauteeing liquid, Pepper, Onion, Fresh mint, Fresh beet, Persian noodles, Vegetable broth, GARNISH, Dried Navy beans, 
Date: Mon, 25 Mar 96 08:39:37 EST    From: "Sherry Cohen" <cohens@vrinet.com>  I got this recipe from the New York Times Living Section last week. It was  adapted from "The New Food of Life" by Najmieh Batmanglij and further  adapted by me to make it LF veg. It takes five hours to make (includes  soaking time for the beans), but I suspect it can be thrown in a crock pot  (I havent tried that yet--any suggestions on how to convert it?). I dont  usually have the time to make recipes like this, but this is delicious. I  cant wait to have the left overs at lunch!    1. Soak chickpeas, navy beans and kidney beans in 2 cups of water for 2  hours. Drain.    2. In a large pot, sautee the onions and garlic in the balsamic vinegar  over medium heat. Add the pepper and turmeric, and saute for 1 minute more.  Add the soaked beans and saute for 3 minutes. Ass the remaining 12 cups of  water and bring to a boil, skimming off the foam as it forms. Reduce heat,  cover and simmer for 45 minutes.    3. Add lentils and veg broth, and simmer 50 minutes more.    4. Add scallions, dill, parsley, spinach and beet. Continue cooling,  stirring occasionally, for 1 hour, or until beans are tender. Add more  water if soup is too thick.    5. Add noodles and cook for 10 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and mix well.    6. For the Garnish: Saute the onion and garlic in the balsamic vinegar in a  small skillet. Remove from heat; add turmeric and mint and mix well.    7. To serve: Ladle soup into the bowls and top with the mint garnish.  Serves 8    FATFREE DIGEST V96 #84    From the Fatfree Vegetarian recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.