Peru a Brasileira-Turkey Roasted in Banana Leaves Pt 1
Onions, chopped, White rum, Ground nutmeg, Hot peppers, seeded and, Whole black peppercorns, Onions, halved, Onion, quartered, Stock, see directions, SEE DIRECTIONS, Banana leaves, Turkey, (10 lb.) wing tips, Garlic cloves, crushed, Bottle dry white wine, Fresh oregano, chopped, Beer, Bay leaf, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Stuffing, see directions, Celery ribs, chopped, Sprig thyme, PEPPER SAUCE, Garlic cloves, chopped, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Carrot, peeled and chopped, Sprigs parsley, Sweet red peppers, seeded,, White wine vinegar, 
Clean the turkey and dry with paper towels. Place in a large baking pan,  breast side down, cover with a clean kitchen towel, and refrigerate for 1  hour.  To make the stock: In a medium saucepan, add the wing tips, neck and  giblets, except the liver. Add the onion, garlic, celery, carrot, bay leaf,  peppercorns, thyme and parsley. Add water to cover and bring to a boil.  Skim off the froth forming on the top, reduce heat, simmer for 1 hour. Add  boiling water as it evaporates and skim if necessary. Strain and cool the  stock and refrigerate until ready to use.  To make the Stuffing: Preheat oven to 400F. Place onions and garlic in a  pyrex dish and add the oil. Bake for 40 min. The onions and garlic should  be caramelized, slightly brown. The mixture should not burn. Allow to cool.  Preparing the turkey: Stuf the turkey cavity with the onions and garlic,  truss. Place the turkey, breast down, in a roasting pan, pour over the  wine, reserving 1/8 cup and rum. Cover tightly, marinate over night,  turning the turkey a few times.  To make the pepper sauce: Soak the the hotpeppers and bell peppers in  vinegar for 30 min. Drain, reserving the liquid. Puree the peppers in a  blender, mix with the vinegar, and set aside. Now, puree the chopped  onions, garlic and oregano with the reserved 1/8 of a cup of wine. Add the  mixture to the pepper puree. Heat the 1/2 cup olive oil in medium heat. Add  the puree with 1 cup of turkey stock, simmer for 1 hour, stirring from time  to time. Let cool.    Preparing to roast the turkey: Take the turkey from the refrigerator, lift  the skin around the neck and breast without tearing, and rub some pepper  sauce between the flesh and the skin. Set aside the turkey and remaining  sauce. Cut the banana leaves in 18 in sheets. While holding each sheet  steadily, carefully run the the sheet over a gas stove flame. This will  serve to release the oils in the leaf and it will become flexible. Preheat  the oven to 500F. Line a deep roasting dish with the prepared banana  leaves. Salt the turkey, place over the banana leaves, breast side up,  brush the pepper sauce over the bird. Roast for 10 min. Reduce temperature  to 325F, cover with 2-3 banana leaves, continue to roast for 2 hours,  basting a couple of times with the sauce. Whe the thigh is pierced and the  juices run clear, remove turkey. Let cool for 15 min before carving. Now  bring the pepper sauce to a boil with the beer, reduce heat and simmer for  10 min. Carve the turkey and place on a platter over banana leaves.    continued in part 2