Pesce Spada Alle Brace (Wood Fire Grilled Swordfish)
Hot water, Fennel bulbs, cleaned &, salt and pepper, Cup)-----, Garlic cloves; peel &, Chopped fine, Best), Juice from 2 lemons, for the sauce (about 1, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Fresh ground black pepper, Green beans; stems removed, Dried Oregano, Salt, Swordfish; * see note, Fresh oregano; chopped fine, Trimmed; cut into quarters, Chicken stock; (homemade is, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Italian parsley; chopped fin, 
Recipe by: Tess Mercer <tess@NANOTHINC.COM> * cut into 6 ounce slices about      3/4    inch thick    Put the fennel into a casserole.  Splash on the chicken stock and sprinkle  with salt and pepper to taste.  Bake the fennel, covered, in a 375 F oven  for about 1 hour, basting often.  It should be tender but not mush.  Drain  and set aside.  Use the pan liquid for soups or other dishes.    Boil the Blue Lake beans in lightly salted water for about 4 to 5 minutes.  Drain and set aside.    Rub some olive oil on the slices of swordfish.  Grill them about 4 mnutes o  each side, and add some salt and peppr to taste.  You can broil or barbacue  the fish if you dont have a wood fired grill.    To assemble the sauce, put the garlic, parsley, oregano, lemon juice nad  water into a crok and mix well with a spoon.  Add the olive oil, salt and  pepper and mix again.  (It is best to make thjis sauce several hours ahead  of using it; then mix again energetically.)  You can store it, covered, in  the refrigirator for up to a week.  Be sure to bring to room temperature or  even a little warmer before use.    Heat the cooked, drained fennel in a 375 oven for about 20 minutes.  Heat  the beans in a skillet with a few drops of olive oil and some lemon juice,  and season with salt and pepper.  When the fish is done put it on a heated  dish and garnish with vegetables.  Spoon on some sauce or pass it at the  table.    Serves 6.    (all recipes (c) Carlo Middione - Vivande Ristorante, as printed in SF  Examiner Epicure, 4/26/95)