Pesto and Peppercorn Torta
Fresh basil leaves, GARNISHES, Strips of red bell pepper, Peppercorns,coarsely crushed, olive oil, Sprigs of fresh oregano, PESTO, Ricotta cheese, Olives, Garlic, Slices of sun dried tomato, Grated Parmesan cheese, Arugula leaves, Neufchatel cheese, 
Combine Neufchatel cheese and ricotta in a small mixing bowl. Beat until  thoroughly combined. (An electric mixer at medium-high speed works very  well.)    Prepare a three-layer rectangle of cheesecloth, about 6x20 inches. For  easier handling, place the cheesecloth on a tray or cookie sheet.    Spread the cheese mixture onto the cheesecloth, making a retangle about  4x16 inches. (It is possible to make a neat retangle on the cheesecloth by  cutting the edges of the cheese with a plain dinner knife.) Refrigerate,  uncovered, for several hours before before filling.    To make the pesto, combine basil, 1/4 cup olive oil, garlic, and parmesan  in a food processor or blender. Puree to a paste. Salt to taste.    Spread a layer of olive oil on the cheese rectangle. Then add the pesto,  and spread it to within 1/2 inch of the edges.    Sprinkle on the coarsely crushed peppercorns.    Lifting the cheesecloth from one end, roll up the torta along the long edge  as you would a jelly roll. You will end up with a cylinder shape. Wrap it  in cheesecloth (use a fresh piece, double thickness) and place it on its  side on a plate. Cover tightly with plastic wrap ad refrigerate 12 to 24  hours before serving.    To serve, unwrap the torta and place it on a plate. Frane it lavishly with  garnishes and serve with dark bread or the finest crackers, and raw  vegetables.    The torta will keep for up to a week (depending on how fresh the ricotta  was to begin with). The pesto will seep more deeply into the cheese the  longer it sits.    The pesto can be made as much as two weeks ahead.    REG shared by Kelly T. McNamara, Cleveland, OH, USA.    Serving Ideas:  Serve as part of a Vegetarian Thanksgiving menu.  Per serving: 393 Calories; 25g Fat (53% calories from fat); 16g Protein;  36g Carbohydrate; 51mg Cholesterol; 240mg Sodium    Recipe By: Still Life With Menu/Mollie Katzen    Posted to EAT-L Digest  6 November 96    Date:    Thu, 7 Nov 1996 12:09:26 -0500    From:    "McNamara, Kelly" <kmcnamara@LIGGETT.COM>