Petes Sausage Stuffing
bread, Onions, Mushrooms, Salt, Fresh sage, Eggs, Chicken broth, Pepper, Celery, Italian Sweet Sausage, 
Some things in the above list may not be clear but read on it will all come  together later.    Day before you start making the rest of the stuffing, prepare the bread.  Usually if I remember to I put the bread, cut up into cubes, on top of my  refrigerator to dry out completely. This is what makes the best stuffing.  Now, a word about bread.  What kind?  To some extent this is a matter of  personal preference.  I have always been taught to use only bread that I  would serve at the table, and I have pretty high standards. In general if  you go to an Italian bakery and get good Italian bread and dice that up  this makes superb stuffing.    The day of the making of the stuffing: In a saucepan put the sausage in  water and simmer for about 30 minutes.  Put the celery and the onions in a  skillet, turn the heat on and when the pan gets hot and the onions start to  sizzle put in a few drops of olive oil.   Add the sage and salt and pepper  to taste. Slice the mushrooms and set aside.    Combine the bread cubes, mushrooms, onions, and celery.   Remove the  sausage from the water and let cool enough to handle. Cut into half  lengthwise and then cut into thin slices. Or thick slices... who cares.  Combine this with the bread mixture.    Now, a side note about sausage.  The best sausage to use is from the  proverbial Italian Pork Store.  This stuff usually has a lower fat content  and a much better flavor. You *could* even use things like veal sausage. I  have done this and it comes out great.    Add chicken broth to the bread mixture, just enough to get everything  moist, but not sopping wet. If you make it too wet at this stage you will  end up with moosh later on.    If you are making your stuffing ahead of time stop here and continue only  when you are ready to put this into the bird.    Just before you stuff the bird, add the beaten eggs and stir the mixture  very thouroughly.    Cook your bird according to whatever method you are following and when all  is done, enjoy.    A Pete Berghold trick here:  When the bird is stuffed, put a slice of bread  over the body cavity opening.   This will protect your stuffing so you  dont lose some to being "crusty."  Posted to FOODWINE Digest 27 November 96    Date:    Thu, 28 Nov 1996 01:18:27 -0500    From:    "Peter L. Berghold" <peterb@SUPERLINK.NET>