Petes White Pizza
olive oil, Pine nuts; toasted, PESTO, Balsamic vinegar, Grated Parmesan cheese, All-purpose flour, Pine nuts, Garlic, Yeast, Firmly packed chopped fresh, Sugar, olive oil, TOPPINGS, Head garlic, Red wine, Fontina cheese; sliced, Salt, Sun-dried tomatoes, DOUGH, olive oil, Yellow cornmeal, Warm water (110-115 F), Salt, 
Prepare Toppings: Put the sun-dried tomatoes in a small bowl and cover with  hot tap water. Let soak, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Drain and  pat dry. Put back in the bowl and add the red wine, balsamic vinegar, and  olive oil and let sit, stirring occasionally, at least 1 hour. Wrap the  head of garlic in aluminum foil and roast in oven at 400F for about 30  minutes. Leave garlic in foil and refrigerate until cool, about 30 minutes.  When cool, carefully peel cloves and slice into halves or thirds, and set  aside. Make dough: In a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the  sugar, yeast, cornmeal, salt, and 1 cup of the flour, and mix for 15  seconds on a medium-low speed. While dry ingredients are mixing, combine  water and oil. While motor continues to run, slowly add liquid ingredients  in a steady stream. Then add remaining 2/3 cup flour in 1/3-cup  incremenmts, and mix until stiff dough forms and pulls away from sides of  bowl. Knead for 2 minutes more. Put dough in a deep and cover with plastic  wrap. Let dough rise in a warm place 1 hour, or until doubled in bulk.  While dough is rising, make the pesto: Put garlic, Parmesan cheese, salt,  and pine nuts in a food processor or blender and process until coarsely  chopped and well mixed. Add basil and 2 or 3 tablespoons of the oilve oil  and pulse until a thick paste forms. Add half of the remaining oil and  process for about 10 seconds until all basil is chopped fine but not  pureed. Transfer pesto to a bowl and stir in the remaining olive oil.  Assembly: Preheat oven and baking stone to 450F. When the dough is ready,  punch it down and roll it out on a lightly floured surface to a thin disk  about 16-18 inches in diameter. Fold the outer edge in about 1/2 an inch  and pinch down to seal. Spread pesto evenly over crust. Space sun-dried  tomatoes evenly across the crust, skin side up. Sprinkle pine nuts and  roasted garlic slices evenly over pizza, then top with Fontina slices,  spaced evenly. Sprinkle a little cornmeal on the baking stone. Carefully  transfer the pizza to the baking stone and reduce heat to 400F. Bake until  the crust is golden and the cheese is brown and bubbly, about 20 minutes.  Let cool for a few minutes before slicing. Serves 4 as an entree.    Recipe by: Pete    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #864 by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on  Oct 25, 1997