Phyllo Wrapped Brie W/rosemary Apricot Chutney Part 1
Unsalted butter; (2 sticks), Thinly sliced apples, Fresh phyllo pastry sheets, CHUTNEY, Lemon Peel, Cayenne pepper, Dried apricots; chopped, Salt, Chopped fresh rosemary, Additional dried apricots, Golden brown sugar; (packed), Blanched slivered almonds;, Fresh baguettes; thinly, Cider vinegar, Chopped fresh rosemary, CHEESE AND PHYLLO, Wheel of Brie 32- to, Dried tart cherries; (3/4, Garlic cloves; finely, Fresh herb sprigs (such as, Red onion; chopped, Water, PRESENTATION, 
To Make Chutney Combine all ingredients except almonds in heavy large  saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar  dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until most liquid has  evaporated and chutney is thick, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes.  Mix in almonds. Transfer chutney to bowl. Chill until cold, about 3 hours.  (Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover, keep chilled.)    Assembly of cheese and phyllo: Brush heavy large baking sheet with butter;  set aside. Unroll pastry. Cover with plastic wrap and damp kitchen towel.  Transfer 2 stacked phyllo sheets to work surface, arranging 1 short side  parallel to edge of work surface. Arrange 2 more stacked phyllo sheets on  work surface, overlapping long side of first sheets by about 5 to 7 inches  and forming rectangle about 18 by 17 inches. Brush pastry with butter;  sprinkle 1 1/2 tablespoons rosemary over. Place 2 more stacked sheets atop  first set of 2 sheets, then 2 more stacked sheets atop second set of 2  sheets. Brush with butter and sprinkle with 1 1/2 tablespoons rosemary.  Repeat layering 1 more time with phyllo, butter and 1 1/2 tablespoons  rosemary. (You will use a total of 12 sheets.) Using sharp knife or  scissors, trim phyllo corners, forming approximately 17-inch oval. place  Brie in center of phyllo. Spread 1 1/2 cups chutney evenly over cheese.  Slide hand under 1 rounded corner of phyllo. Lift phyllo and fold onto top  of cheese. Brush folded pastry with butter. Continue to lift phyllo in  sections and to fold snugly over top of cheese, brushing with butter and  pressing each section to adhere until cheese is wrapped (the top center 2  to 3 inches of cheese will not be covered). Use hand and metal spatula to  transfer wrapped cheese to prepared baking sheet.    Presentation Using metal spatula, transfer warm cheese to large platter.  Arrange herbs, dried fruit, baguette slices and apple slices around cheese.  Cut cheese into wedges. Continued in part 2.       16    Servings Bon Appetit, January 1995    Formatted for MC by Sharon F. Klinger, tmvm93b@prodigy.com    Recipe by: Bon Appetit    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on Feb 04,  1998