Phulka
All-purpose flour, Water, Vegetable oil; heated, Salt, 
This is a simpler, lighter version of the chappati and somewhat quicker to  make.    Source: " Beyond Curry: Quick and Easy Indian Cooking" by Hemalata Dandekar    Yield: 12 phulkas    MAKING THE DOUGH: Combine salt and flour and heap this mixture in a bowl.  Make a well in the middle and add oil. Work flour and oil together, as for  pastry dough, and then add 1 cup water. Mix and knead the dough, aiming for  an homogeneous mass. Add more water (about 1/2 cup), a little at a time,  kneading to absorb the moisture until the dough is soft but not sticky. It  is the right consistency if, when poked with the index finger, a little  indentation is made but the dough does not stick to the finger.    ROLLING THE PHULKA: Pinch off enough dough to make a ball 1 1/2 inches in  diameter. Flatten ball and dip into white flour. Lightly flour a surface  for rolling out the dough. Roll into a circle about 6 or 7 inches in  diameter.    COOKING THE PHULKA: Heat the griddle and begin to cook as for chappati:  spread the rolled-out phulka onto the griddle. Its color will change to a  slightly darker shade within 30 seconds. Slide the chappati to the edge of  the grill with your fingertips (this is a skilled task and requires  asbestos fingers), pick it up and turn it over. Let it cook another 30  seconds or so, until small blisters or bubbles appear on the surface. When  both sides have been cooked once, if using a gas stove,remove the griddle,  turn down the heat, and put the phulka DIRECTLY ON THE FLAME! It should  balloon into a spherical shape. Turn, cook the other side, remove from  heat, and crush to remove the air and maintain it in a soft and flexible  condition for eating.    If cooking on an electric stove, keep the phulka on the griddle. It may not  balloon up, but it will still be very good to eat. Cook both sides until  little, light brown patches appear.    Serve hot, brushed with a dab of ghee or margarine.    Phulkas do not store as well as chappaties. They tend to become brittle or  rubbery if kept overnight.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest Volume 98 #028 by David Fillingham  <dfillingham@earthlink.net> on Jan 16, 1998