Phraram Long Song (Meat in a Peanut Sauc
Pork stock, Lime juice, Prik ki nu daeng (red, FOR THE SAUCE, Massaman curry paste, TO FLAVOR THE OIL, Sugar, Raw peanuts; crushed, Phom kari (mild curry, Ginger, Coconut milk, Salt, Garlic, Pork; cut into small bite, Phak bung (swamp cabbage);, Garlic; very finely chopped, 
Date: Thu, 13 Jun 1996 10:18:08 -0700    From: "Colonel I. F. K. Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>    Subject: [THAI] phraram long song (meat in a peanut sauce)    There are a number of possible translations of the title of this dish,  which is from the milder "Royal Thai" tradition. Phraram is the name given  in Thai to the God Rama, or the title of the King. The title can be  translated by those of a poetic nature to mean food so good it makes the  king cry...    Because this is a mild, Royal Thai, dish, I give two methods, which differ  slightly in that one is mild and has complex flavors, the other is more in  line with the country tradition of not throwing away anything that can be  eaten, and is a little more potent, as suits the provincial palatte.    This dish can be made with pork, beef, chicken or shrimp. shrimp require  less cooking and beef rather more. This version is made with pork    Note that phak bung is very common - almost a weed - in Thailand. In the  West where it is probably unobtainable, use spinach or kale.    Heat a wok, and add three tablespoons of peanut oil, add one teaspoon of  slivered garlic, and sautee until the garlic is just changing color. Remove  and discard the garlic. Add 4 coins of ginger, 1" in diameter, and an  eigth of an inch thick, and sautee for 1 minute, remove and discard. take 4  red chilis and destalk them, cut them in half and tap them on the counter  to remove loose seeds, sautee for 1 minute, remove and discard. Now add one  teaspoon of curry powder and stir until absorbed into the flavored oil.    For the provincial version, to the hot oil add 1 tablespoon of slivered  garlic, one tablespoon of slivered ginger, and 1 tablespoon of very thinly  sliced chilis, including the seeds, then remove the flavorants, add 1  tablespoon of curry powder and blend into the oil. The garlic, ginger and  chili is then blended to a fine paste and retained to be added later.    Now stir fry the meat for about 1 minute, and remove it from the oil whilst  you prepare the sauce.    Fry the peanuts for about 5 minutes in the oil, then remove them and blend  them to a fine paste, and return the paste to the oil, adding the curry  paste and stirring until aromatic (if you cant find curry paste use a  further tablespoon of curry powder), now slowly add the coconut milk,  stirring constantly to blend, and then add the remaining sauce ingredients,  then bring to a gentle simmer.    If preparing the provincial version, return the oil flavorants to the mix  at this time.    Add the meat, and return to the simmer, cover and simmer, stirring  occasionally for about 20 minutes, until the meat is tender.    Add the vegetables, turn the heat up and boil vigorously for 1 minute.    Serve with jasmine rice.    We cooked this to check the recipe in a 16" wok that is 6" deep - if your  wok is smaller or shallower you may not wish to have this much sauce in a  wok, and of course you can complete the recipe in a medium saucepan.    CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #012    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.