Phyllo Chicken with Rice, Artichokes, and Cream Sauce
The Rice, Artichoke hearts, thawed, Long-grain rice, Mushroom, sliced, Margarine, Skim milk, Chicken breast halves, Cloves garlic minced, Rosemary, Bay leaf, Flour, Onion chopped, Dry white wine or vermouth, The Chicken, Margarine, Salt, The Cream Sauce, Assembly, Margarine, Thyme, Sheets phyllo dough, thawed, 
The Chicken and Broth: In a large pot, combine chicken, wine, salt, thyme,  rosemary, bay leaf, and water to cover. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat,  cover, and simmer for 25 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Remove  chicken and cut into bite-size pieces. Set aside. Boil chicken broth  gently, uncovered, until it is reduced to about 3 1/2 cups. Set aside and  make rice.    The Rice: In a large saucepan, melt margarine. Add the garlic, onion, and  mushrooms and cook until tender. Stir in rice. Add 1 1/2 cups of the  reduced chicken broth. Simmer, covered, until liquid is absorbed (about 20  minutes.) While rice is cooking, make the cream sauce.    The Cream Sauce: Melt margarine over low heat. Stir in the flour and cook  until bubbly. Remove from heat and slowly stir in remaining 2 cups of  broth. Gradually add skim milk. Return to low heat and stir until thick.    Back to the Rice and Chicken: When the rice is cooked, stir in the  artichoke hearts and 1 cup of the cream sauce. Set aside. Stir remaining  cream sauce into chicken pieces. Set aside.    Putting it All Together: Preheat oven to 350F. Grease a 9"x13" baking pan  with margarine. Melt the 3 tablespoons margarine Unfold the phyllo leaves.  Cover with plastic or damp towel. Place 1 plyllo sheet into bottom of pan.  Brush lightly with melted margarine. Repeat procedure with 6 more sheets of  phyllo. Spread half of the rice mixture over phyllo dough. Spread chicken  over rice mixture. Spread remaining rice mixture over chicken. Cover with 6  sheets of phyllo, brushing with margarine between each sheet. Tuck in edges  of last sheet and brush the top with margarine. Cut lightly through 3 or 4  layers of phyllo dough to indicate pieces to be cut later. Bake chicken for  45 minutes or until golden brown and bubbly. Or refrigerate it for up to 24  hours and bake later for 60 minutes.  Per serving: 330 Calories; 11g Fat (33% calories from fat); 25g Protein;  27g Carbohydrate; 54mg Cholesterol; 513mg Sodium    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #323    Recipe by: Eaters Choice/tpogue@idsonline.com    From: tpogue@IDS2.IDSONLINE.COM (terry pogue)    Date: Sat, 30 Nov 1996 13:42:26 +0100