Phyllo Wrapped Chicken W/southwest Pesto and Garlic Sauce
Pesto, Garlic, Monterey Jack cheese, pine nuts, Fresh basil leaves, chipotle chilies in adobo, olive oil, Garlic Sauce, phyllo dough, Whipping cream, Mild green chili peppers, chicken broth, Garlic, Chicken, Fresh spinach leaves, , Butter, Chicken breast, 
For pesto:  Char peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on  all sides. Wrap in a paper bag and let stand 10 minutes. Peel and seed  peppers. Grind roasted peppers, spinach, cheese, pine nuts, garlic and  chipotle chilies in a food processor. With processor running, add oil;  process until blended. Season with salt and pepper. For garlic sauce: Bring  broth and whipping cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Add garlic and  basil; simmer until sauce thickens slightly, about 20 minutes. Season with  salt and pepper. ( Pesto and garlic sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Press  plastic onto surface of presto; refrigerate. Cover sauce; refrigerate.) For  chicken:  Preheat oven to 400.  Place 1 phyllo sheet on work surface so  that 1 long side is parallel to edge of work surface (cover remaining  phyllo with plastic wrap and damp towel.) Brush phyllo lightly with melted  butter. Fold in half crosswise like a book. Brush with melted butter. Place  1 chicken breast so that 1 long side is 2" from bottom of phyllo, centering  between sides of phyllo.  Season chicken with salt and epper.  Spoon 1  generous tablespoon of pesto over chicken.  Sprinkle with 1/4 cup cheese.  Fold bottom of phyllo over chicken.  Fold short sides of phyllo over  chicken.  Roll up jelly roll style.  Place seam side down on large baking  sheet.  Brush with melted butter.  Repeat with remaining phyllo, chicken,  pesto & cheese; refrigerate remaining pesto for another use. Bake until  chicken is cooked through and phyllo is golden, about 25 minutes. Transfer  to plates.  Bring garlic sauce to a simmer.  Spoon sauce onto each dinner  plate, reserving some for a gravy boat type dish.  Place chicken in center  of garlic sauce.  Garnish with fresh whole basil leaves.  Posted to EAT-L Digest 01 Sep 96    Date:    Mon, 2 Sep 1996 16:07:56 -0400    From:    Laura Hunter <LHunter722@AOL.COM>