Phyllo Egg Rolls
Red onion, Scallions, bok choy cabbage, Ground coriander, Bean sprouts, Reduced-sodium soy sauce, Vegetable oil, Sherry, Cayenne pepper, Red bell pepper, Vegetable oil spray, celery, Green cabbage, Gingerroot, fresh, Cilantro, fresh, Rice wine vinegar, Garlic, Dark sesame oil, Snow peas, Plum wine, phyllo dough, 
1. Combine oil the vegetables except the bean sprouts. In a small bowl,  combine the liquid seasonings, cayenne pepper, and coriander.    2. Heat the oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add the ginger  and garlic and stir fry, stirring constantly, for 30 seconds or until  fragrant. Add the vegetables and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until slightly  cooked but still crisp. Add the liquids and stir fry for 1 minute.    3. Remove from the heat and stir in the cilantro, bean sprouts, and sesame  oil. Set aside.    4. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Carefully separate a sheet of phyllo  and place about 3/4 cup of the vegetable filling in the center of one of  the shorter ends of the rectangle. Fold the sides around the filling to  enclose it and then roll the phyllo into an egg roll. Place on a baking  sheet seam side down.    5. Spray the rolls lightly with vegetable oil spray and Hake for 10 to 12  minutes in the center of the oven or until the rolls are golden brown.    Note: The filling can be prepared up to two days in advance and kept  tightly covered with plastic wrap in the refrigerator. Or the rolls can be  baked and reheated in a 350-degree oven for five to seven minutes. If  baking in advance, it is advisable to slightly undercook them. Do not  reheat in a microwove oven.    Total time: 35 minutes    Per Serving: 92 calories, 0 cholesterol, 1 g fat, 110 mg sodium    >From cookbook collection of Brenda Adams<adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>    Note: PatH of Riverside discovered this little book, subtitled: Delicious  Eating for a Lifetime of Good Health. I picked up a copy for $6.98  (discounted at Powells Bookstore, Portland, Oregon). The recipes ALL look  good.    Recipe by: Ellen Brown, The Gourmet Gazelle Cookbook; badams    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #388 by Brenda Adams  <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Jan 25, 1997.