Pia X Bread Pudding with Tequila Sauce
Tequila, Butter, FOR THE SAUCE, FOR THE PUDDING, Vanilla extract, Granulated sugar, Eggs, Egg whites, Cream of tartar, Vanilla extract, Granulated sugar, CREAM TOPPING, Whipping cream, Stick cinnamon, Granulated sugar, Cornstarch, White sandwich bread; cut, milk, Stick cinnamon, 
In a saute pan over medium heat, mix 1 cup sugar and 1/4 cup water. Bring  to a boil and cook until sugar caramelizes, 8 to 10 minutes. Immediately  pour caramelized sugar into a 9 inch loaf pan, tilting pan to coat the  sides as well as the bottom. Set aside.    In a large bowl., combine the bread cubes and milk, making sure the bread  is evenly soaked. In a small bowl, combine the melted butter and vanilla.  Pour over bread mixture and stir to combine thoroughly. Set aside.    Heat an oven to 275F. Place egg whites and cream of tartar in the bowl of  an electric mixer. Whip at medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Pour in  remaining cup of sugar and continue to whip until stiff and glossy, about 5  minutes. Stir this meringue into the bread mixture until thoroughly  combined. Transfer bread mixture to the loaf pan, packing it evenly and  leaving no air pockets.    Position a 13 by 9 by 2 inch roasting pan on the middle rack of the oven.  Place the bread mold in the pan, then pour hot water into the larger pan  until it reaches halfway up the sides of the mold. Bake for about 1 hour or  until the pudding is set and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out  clean. Set aside to cool.    Meanwhile, make the sauce and the cream topping. In a medium saucepan over  medium-high heat, bring 2 cups sugar, 1/2 cinnamon stick and 2/3 cup water  to a boil. Cook until mixture thickens into a syrup, 10 to 15 minutes.  Remove from heat, add the tequila and stir until well mixed. Set sauce  aside to cool.    In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the whipping cream, 1/2  cinnamon stick and 1/2 cup sugar. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar has  dissolved. In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs and cornstarch.  Gradually stir in 1/4 cup of the hot cream. Return egg mixture to the  saucepan and stir over medium heat, while bringing mixture back to boil. It  will thicken. Off the heat, stir in vanilla and strain into a bowl. Cover  with waxed paper and place in the refrigerator to cool.    Select presentation containers, preferably 8 oversized martini glasses. Cut  8 slices of bread pudding and spoon a slice into each glass. Spread 2  tablespoons tequila sauce over each portion and cover with cream topping.    William Rice, Chicago Tribune Magazine 2/22/98    Typed and Busted by Carriej999@AOL.com 4/98    Recipe by: Chef Michael Cordua, Churrascos, Chicago, IL    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Carriej999 <Carriej999@aol.com> on Apr 19,  1998