Piccia Calabrese (Calabrian Bread)
Active dry yeast, olive oil, Canned tomatoes with juices, Cocktail onions; chopped, Anchovy fillets; boned and c, All-purpose flour; unbleache, Capers; drained and chopped, Gherkins; chopped, Dried Oregano, Roasted red peppers; chopped, Mushrooms, Biga, Artichokes; finely chopped, Lard, Cracked black pepper, Salt, Warm water, 
Recipe by: Carol Field - The Italian Baker Refrigerate the Biga until cold.  stir the yeast into the water in a small bowl; let stand until creamy,  about 10 minutes. Saute the mushrooms briefly in the oil and let cool.  Roughly chop the tomato, mushrooms, anchovy, capers, onions, artichoke,  pickles, and red peppers in a food processor fitted with the steel blade.  Remove to another bowl. Process the oregano, flour, salt, and pepper with 5  or 6 pulses to mix. Place the cold starter and the lard over the dry  ingredients.  With the machine running pour the dissolved yeast through the  feed tube as quickly as the flour can absorb it. Add the vegetable mixture  and process just until combined.  Finish kneading by hand on a well-floured  surface, sprinkling with 1/2 to 2/3 cup additional flour as needed, until  elastic, moist, and velvety.    First Rise:  Place the dough in an oiled bowl,  cover with plastic wrap,  and let rise until doubled, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.    Shaping and Second Rise:  Shape the dough on a floured surface into 1 large  or 2 smaller round loaves by rolling the dough first into a taut log, then  shaping it into a round loaf. The dough will be slightly sticky; sprinkle  the dough and the work surface with flour while shaping it. Place each loaf  on a peel sprinkled with cornmeal, cover with a slightly dampened towel,  and let rise until doubled, about 50 minutes.    Baking:  Thirty minutes before baking, heat the oven with baking stones in  it to 425F.  Just before baking, cut an even slash around the shoulder of  the loaf or 3 slashes across the top with a razor. Sprinkle the stones with  cornmeal and slide the loaves onto the stones. bake, spraying 3 times with  water in the first 10 minutes, for 45 minutes. Cool on racks.    