Kahlua Shrimp Jerk with Red Peppers on Angel Hair Pasta
shrimp, MARINADE, Jerk sauce, Honey, Kahlua, Garlic, flat-leaf parsley, Fresh cilantro leaves, Red pepper flakes, SAUCE, Dark brown vegetarian, Cornstarch, Water, Red bell pepper, Worcestershire sauce;, ADDITIONS, Vegetable cooking spray, Angel hair pasta, broccoli; steamed, Fresh herbs, Fresh basil leaves, thyme leaves, 
1. Peel the shrimp. Salt-wash for about 4 to 5 minutes. Butterfly and  devein.    2. Combine marinade ingredients in a non-reactive bowl. Taste and increase  sweetness, if desired, with additional kahlua. Add the shrimp to the  marinade. Toss to coat. The marinade should cover the shrimp. Set aside to  bloom for 30 to 60 minutes.    3. Drain the shrimp, retaining the marinade. Add the bouillon and  cornstarch to the marinade; stir until dissolved.    4. Spray a wok and heat it over a high burner. Stir fry the shrimp quickly,  draining any moisture that collects so that the shrimp sear. When pink,  push shrimp up the walls of the wok. Add the marinade and allow to bubble  until the edges turn translucent (less than 1 minute). Thin the sauce with  water (preferrably from the pasta or vegetable). Reduce the heat and add  the red bell pepper additional herbs if using. Taste and add Worcestershire  sauce, if you desire. Serve at once on pasta with vegetable on the side.    SOURCES: Recipe adapted from Ken Vemons KAHLUA GRILLED SHRIMP ON ANGEL  HAIR PASTA, an entry in a Louisianna Festival (cookbook #1; Lou Ana  Gardens, Inc) Recipe was posted on Brendas RecipeCafe mailing list by Dena  Goad (11/7/98). The original made 5+1/2 cups of sauce based on Tiger Sauce  and Kahlua for 2 pounds of shrimp. The sauce was discarded and the shrimp  were grilled on a mesquite fire. We reduced and reproportioned the  ingredients so that we retained the sauce for the pasta. REVIEW: Very  attractive on the plate. Kick with after kick. Sweet. We liked it and would  serve as part of a party/ buffet menu. Haunting flavor. The red pepper  flakes were over-kill. A chile-head meal. [11/12/98] Tested by  kitpath@earthlink.net [Per Serving - Calories 496; Fat 5g (9%cff);  Cholesterol 116mg; 80g carbs; 28g protein; 5g fiber]    Recipe by: Hanneman november 1998 (See source note)    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by kitpath@earthlink.net on Nov 12, 1998, converted  by MM_Buster v2.0l.