Pickled Okra #5
Tender okra, White vinegar, (small) fresh hot red, Yellow mustard seeds, Bunch fresh dill (about 24, Kosher salt, Cloves (small) garlic;, 
1. Rinse okra and cut away any bruises or bad spots. Trim stem ends of okra  but do not remove caps entirely.    2. Wash 8 one-pint canning jars, lids, and screw bands with hot, soapy  water and rinse well. Place jars upright on a wire rack in the bottom of a  large pot. Fill pot with hot water until jars are submerged by 1 to 2  inches, and bring to a boil. Boil for 15 minutes. Turn off heat, leaving  jars in water. Sterilize lids according to manufacturers instructions.    3. Meanwhile, bring the vinegar, 3 C water, and the salt to a boil in a  large pot.    4. Using stainless-steel tongs, remove jars from water and set on a layer  of clean towels. Evenly divide garlic, peppers, dill sprigs, and mustard  seeds among jars. Pack tightly with okra, alternating direction of caps.  Leave 3/4 inch of space beneath the rim of the jar. Pour hot liquid over  okra, covering it by 1/4 inch and leaving 1/2 inch of space beneath the  rim. Slide a clean plastic chopstick or wooden skewer along the inside of  each jar to release any air bubbles. Wipe mouth of jar with a clean, damp  cloth. Place hot lid on jar; turn screw band firmly without forcing.    5. Place a wire rack in the bottom of a large pot and fill partway with hot  water. Using a jar lifter, place the jars on the rack. Add enough hot water  to cover by 2 inches, and bring to a boil. Boil for 10 minutes. Remove jars  from water bath; let stand on clean dish towels for 24 hours. Check cool  jars for the slight indentation in the lids that indicates a vacuum seal.  Jars that do not seal properlY or that leak during processing should be  stored in the refrigerator and the pickles consumed within a week. Allow  sealed pickles to mellow in a cool dry place for 6 to 8 weeks before  serving. Store opened jars in the refrigerator. Martha Stewart  Living/October/94 Scanned & edited by Di Pahl & <gg> Syd.Bigger@salata.com  (Syd Bigger)    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.