Pickled Salmon ("Emel Style" - Pat and Joe)
INGREDIENTS FOR BRINE, Cider vinegar, Sugar, Pickling spice, Water, 
SALTING: Cut salmon pieces approx. 4" wide. Put salmon pieces in a crock or  suitable container skin side down, layering salt and fish. Be sure to use  plenty of salt. Use a weighted dish on top of the fish to keep the salmon  submerged in the brine; thirty days minimum for curing. Keep watch for oil  scum on surface - remove scum with paper towels. Occasionally a mold will  occur. If this happens it will be necessary to rebrine. Dump out all of the  old brine and clean off fish. Rebrine by using at least a quart of rock  salt to a gallon of water. (Dont spare the salt. Be sure the brine covers  all of the fish.) During the above operation the fish can be kept at  outside temperature - cool place - not necessary to refrigerate. The fish  in this state can be kept for several months. FRESHENING: Put the fish in a  container of fresh cold water. Rinse thoroughly two or three times a day  for 2 days, or until salty taste is right for you. Keep refrigerated. Skin  the fish and cut into the size pieces you prefer for eating. Remove the  bones; fish is now ready for the pickling process. PICKLING: Make enough  brine to cover fish, using above ratios. Bring brine ingredients to a boil  until sugar is dissolved. Set aside to cool. Layer salmon and sliced onions  in a container. (If you like pickled onions use plenty of them!) Pour cold  brine over fish until covered completely. Let stand for at least a couple  of days and then fish can be eaten. Note: You can put the fish in a smaller  container, not necessary to refrigerate. We use 1 gallon containers when we  pour pickling mixture on the fish. Then after a couple of weeks we put the  fish into pint jars.  NOTES : MC formatted 12/10/96 by rooby@shell.masterpiece.com    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #336    Recipe by: Jane Morton    From: "Rooby" <rooby@shell.masterpiece.com>    Date: Tue, 10 Dec 1996 15:24:32 +0000