Pickled Tripe, Pan Fried
Yellow onion, Water, Dry mustard mixed with, Bay leaf, Minced yellow onion, Honeycomb tripe; cut into, Brown gravy, White cider vinegar, MUSTARD GRAVY, Butter, Salt and pepper to taste, Carrots, Cider vinegar, 
A New Hampshire lady friend told me that this was a great dish from her  childhood. She also told me that I could have it at the old Parker House  restaurant in Boston. (Thats pronounced "Paahka House.") The dish was so  pungent with vinegar that I was not terribly impressed. But they have been  serving it for 132 years. So it is an old classic and this recipe is  lighter tasting with vinegar. You will need to pickle your own tripe unless  you live in New England.      Place the tripe in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and  then drain. Rinse with cold water and cover with fresh water a second time.  Add the remaining ingredients except the vinegar. Cover the pan and simmer  until the tripe is tender, about 2 hours. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the  broth, and add the broth and vinegar to the tripe. Place in plastic  container and store in the refrigerator overnight.      Along with a bowl of Boston Black Bean Soup or some Boston Baked Beans  (see recipes), you have a complete and filling meal. VARIATION 1: The  Parker House uses a method very close to this one. Drain and rinse the  pickled tripe and season each piece with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with  flour and then dribble some olive oil on each piece. Sprinkle bread crumbs  on each and broil slowly for a few minutes so that the crumbs are browned.  You might wish to add some garlic and perhaps thyme to the bread crumbs.  Serve with a mustard gravy. MUSTARD GRAVY: saute the onion in the butter  until brown. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve  with the pickled tripe. VARIATION 2: Rinse the pickled tripe and dry with  paper towels. Dip in beaten egg. Dredge in seasoned flour and pan-fry in a  bit of butter until brown on both sides.    MARINATE OVERNIGHT    From <The Frugal Gourmet Cooks American>.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.