Pickling Basics
Pickling Basics -- See, Below:, 
~--Salt to use:  use only pickling or Dairy salt, it is free from additives  which might deter porcessing or cloud liquid. Is using garlic as a  seasoning, blanch it  2 minutes before adding it to other ingredients, or  remove it from the jar before sealing. Water used should be soft. If the  water contains iron or sulphur compounds the pickles will become dark. You  can use distilled water. Vinegar should test 5% to 6% acetic acid.  Distilled white vinegar gives the lightest color. Cider-based malt and herb  flavored vinegars, although they yield a richer flavor, will darken  pickles.  Do not use Homemade wine vinegars - as they have uncertain  strength and the vinegar will "Mother". * to make pickles crisp use grape  or cherry leaves during brining. Or, in short brine pickles, after the  brining period, soak the pickles for 2 hours in enough of the following  lime water solution to cover. Allow: --1 Tablespoon calcium oxide to 1  quart of soft water Stir will, and after stirring allow the solution to  settle.  Use only the clear portion of the liquid to cover the pickles.  After the 2 hour soaking, drain and cover with the hot pickling liquid as  directed.  Alum is not recommended for crisping, as just a trifle too much  may make the pickles bitter. --About Short-Brine Pickling Most homemade  pickles are of the less exacting short-brine type. They are soaked in a  salt solution only 24 hours or so . This bringing period is sufficiently  long to draw out moisture, but not long enough to induce the fermentation  needed for adequate keeping..  An essential furtherstep, afterdraining off  the brine, is to pour over the produce a hot vinegar solution which  penetrates the softened vegetable tissue and so preserves it. Although in  the short-brine process, the hot vinegar also tends to firm the produce,  itis advisabl, for greater crispness, to add to the jars a few fresh grape  or sherry leaves, or to use the lime water process described above.  Firmness in pickled produce contributes both to its KEEPING and eating  qualities. ---Pickling Spices: Generally contains such ingredients as  mustard seed, cinnamon, allspice, bay leaf, black pepper, giner, red  pepper, cardamom, tumeric, and mace. We also know that the french use  tarragon with their cornichons - we use dill and garlic etc. The spice  blend for pickles are specific to the type of pickle you are preparing.    Recipe By     : CHEF MCH    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmdja006.zip