Pierogies
Potatoes, peeled & diced, Hot water, Cider vinegar, Corn oil, Finely diced cabbage, Garlic, POTATO FILLING, CABBAGE GARBANZO FILLING, Smoked yeast, ACCOMPANIMENTS, Water, White flour, Smoked yeast (optional), Caraway seeds, Black pepper, Vegan sour cream, Firm silken tofu, Canola oil, Warm liquid lecithin, Sea salt, Finely diced red onions, Sea salt, Whole wheat flour, Firm silken tofu, Garbanzo flour, SHELL, Finely diced onions, Black pepper, 
Warm lecithin by placing the bottle in simmering water on the stove till  lecithin is runny.  Stir into the flours & salt & set aside. Blend the  vinegar, tofu & water till smooth. Combine with the flours handling till  the dough has a medium stiff consistency.  Roll out dough on a floured  board forming a 21" x 6" rectangle 3/16" thick. Cut into 8 equal pieces  about 3" x 3" each. (Rolling the dough a littel thinner may yield another 3  pieces).  Place about 1 1/2 tb filling on each piece. Wet the edges of the  dough.  Stretch one corner of the dough to meet the opposite corner,  forming a triangle & press together, sealing the pierogi. Bring water to a  simmer in a large pot.  Drop each pierogi carefully into the water & cook  in the simmering water till the pierogi rises to the surface. Remove &  drain.  They can be sealed in a plastic wrap & kept in the fridge or frozen  at this point. To serve the pierogi, saute in oil until lightly browned.  Serve with vegan sour cream. POTATO FILLING: Cook potatoes till soft. Drain  & mash immediately until they are smooth. This should yield 4 c packed  potatoes.  Add yeast, salt & pepper & mix well. Saute onions in oil till  translucent.  Blend tofu till smooth. Stir onions & tofu into the potato  mixture.  This filing should keep refrigerated for a week. CABBAGE GARBANZO  FILLING: Heat oil in a large skillet. Add cabbage, onions & seasonings.  Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add water & flour & cook till  thickened.  If necessary, add more flour a tb at a time. This filling  should keep in the fridge for a week.    