Pineapple and Lime Sorbets with Pine Nut Brittle
PINEAPPLE SORBET, Sugar, Pine nuts, Water, PINE NUT BRITTLE, Sugar, Limes, Water, Water, Sugar, fresh, Fresh lime juice, LIME SORBET, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, Unsweetened pineapple juice, 
For Pineapple Sorbet: Stir 1 cup water and sugar in small saucepan over  medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; bring to boil. Remove  from heat. cool. Stir in pineapple juice. Chill until cold. Process in ice  cream maker according to manufacturers instructions until softly set. Add  chopped pineapple; continue to process until sorbet is firm. Transfer to  covered container and freeze.    For Lime Sorbet: Using vegetable peeler, cut peel (green part only) from  limes. Combine 1 cup water, sugar and lime peel in medium saucepan. Stir  over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; bring to boil.  Remove from heat. Discard lime peel. Cool syrup. Mix sugar syrup, lime  juice and remaining 1 cup water in medium bowl. Chill until cold. Process  in ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions until sorbet is  firm. Transfer to covered container and freeze. (Pineapple and lime sorbets  can be made 3 days ahead. Keep frozen.)    Place alternate scoops of pineapple sorbet in lime sorbet in tall glasses.  Garnish with pieces of Pine Nut Brittle.    For Pine Nut Brittle: Spray heavy large baking sheet with vegetable oil  spray. Stir sugar and water in heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat  until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil without stirring until syrup  turns deep golden, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with pastry  brush dipped into water and swirling pan about 7 minutes. Immediately pour  out mixture onto prepared baking sheet, sprinkle with pine nuts.    Working quickly and carefully (mixture is very hot and hardens fast), press  tip of knife into edges of caramel sheet and gently stretch in all  directions until caramel becomes thin and transparent. Cool completely.  Break brittle into irregular large pieces. (Brittle can be prepared 3 days  ahead. Store in airtight container at room temperature.)    Printed in Bon Appetit April 1998    Tarla Fallgatter has been teaching cooking classes for more than 15 years.  She was trained in France at Le Cordon Bleu, La Varenne and Ecole Lenotre    Typed and Busted by Carriej999@AOL.com 4/98    Recipe by: Tarla Fallgatter    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by Carriej999 <Carriej999@aol.com> on Apr 5,  1998