Fresh Oysters on the Half Shell
Fresh oysters, Red wine vinegar, Lemons, Shallots, 
If its Christmas in France, then The Cook and Kitchen Staff must prepare  for you the Reveillon, the holiday feast. One of the grandest meals of the  entire year in France, it is typically served late on Christmas Eve, often  following Midnight Mass. There is no single, traditional Reveillon dinner  one must prepare, as the courses vary widely from region to region.    For almost 15 centuries the French have celebrated Christmas in their own  unique way, which includes presenting an astounding Reveillon to old and  young alike, followed by the singing of beloved Christmas songs and a time  of reminiscing.    There is a place for everyone at the Reveillon table, and it is a time to  share. So were sharing a fantastically simple French dish for you to pass  along to your guests this holiday season.    Todays recipe would be a likely appetizer with which to begin the  Reveillon, and to herald an upcoming assortment of canap?s, eggs mimosa,  and p?t?. Noel has come to France, and the spirit of Christmas Eve is  reflected in the loving care and preparation of the Reveillon.    In a blender or food processor, puree shallots with the red wine vinegar  until smooth. Set aside.    To shuck the oysters, rinse the outside of oysters well, but do not scrub.  Hold a short, pointed oyster knife in one hand. Cover the other hand with a  thick glove or cloth, and safely grip the shell in your palm. Insert the  point of the blade next to the hinge and twist the knife to pry the shell  open. Cut the muscle of the oyster from the top half and discard the top  shell. Loosen the muscle from the lower shell with the knife.    Note: Shucked oysters may be kept, covered with a wet towel, in the  refrigerator for up to an hour.    To serve, arrange the oysters on a bed of crushed ice. Spoon about a  teaspoon of the shallot and vinegar mixture over each oyster to cover with  a thin layer of the tasty sauce.    Serve immediately with lemon wedges on the side.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Dec 10, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.