Fresh Peach Ice Cream
Ripe peaches; peeled,, Juice from 1 lemon, Salt, Plus 6 tablespoons sugar, Whole milk [I only had 2/3, Heavy cream, Egg yolks, Vanilla extract, Vodka, 
1. Stir peaches, lemon juice, a pinch salt, and 1/2 cup sugar in  medium-size nonreactive saucepan to combine; let stand until a pool of  syrupy liquid accumulates and peaches soften slightly, 1 to 1      1/2    hours.    2. Position sieve over medium bowl set in an ice-water bath; set aside.  Heat milk, cream, and 1/2 cup sugar in medium-size heavy saucepan over  medium heat, stirring occasionally, until steam appears, 5 to 6 minutes.  Turn off heat. Meanwhile, whisk yolks and remaining 6 tablespoons sugar in  medium bowl until pale yellow. Stir half the warmed milk mixture into  beaten yolk mixture until just blended. Return milk-yolk mixture to  saucepan of remaining warmed milk mixture. Heat milk-yolk mixture over  medium-low heat, stirring constantly with wooden spoon until steam appears,  foam subsides, and mixture just begins to thicken or instant-read  thermometer registers 180 degrees F (mixture must not boil or eggs will  curdle). Remove from heat, and immediately strain custard into prepared  bowl. Cool custard mixture to room temperature, stir in vanilla, then cover  and refrigerate until instant-read thermometer registers 40 degrees F, at  least 2 and up to 24 hours. [I made the custard the day before I froze it,  a good idea generally, and let it cool in the fridge all night and most of  the next day. I didnt bother to measure the temperature.]    3. Meanwhile, heat softened peaches and their liquid, stirring  occasionally, over medium-high heat until peaches are tender and flesh has  broken down, 3 to 4 minutes. [The idea is to soften the peaches so they  wont be rock hard when the custard is frozen. You dont want them  completely cooked because you want to preserve the fresh peach flavor.]  Transfer to bowl, stir in vodka, and refrigerate until cold, at least 4 and  up to 24 hours. [The addition of the vodka is again for the texture of the  frozen peaches.]    4. Strain chilled peaches, reserving liquid. Stir reserved peach liquid  into chilled custard mixture; pour into ice cream machine canister and  churn, following manufacturers instructions, until mixture is frozen and  resembles soft-serve ice cream, 25 to 30 minutes. Add peaches; continue to  churn until combined, about 30 seconds longer. Transfer ice cream to  airtight container. Freeze until firm, about 2 hours.    Source: July & August 1998 issue of Cooks Illustrated posted to  rec.food.cooking by Kay Hartman <hartmans@mediaone.net>    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Petra Hildebrandt" <phildeb@ibm.net> on  Aug 28, 1998