Fresh Ginger Sorbet
Water, Sugar, Lemons, Fresh ginger root, 
1. In a non-reactive saucepan, combine water and sugar, bringing to a boil.  Simmer for 5 minutes, or until sugar is dissolved.    2. As this syrup simmers, zest one of the lemons, and squeeze the juice  from both, picking out any seeds but leaving bits of pulp.    3. Add lemon zest, and juice, plus ginger, to syrup, and let steep until  cool. (You may strain out the ginger for a smoother texture, but we usually  leave it in.)    4. Freeze, according to the directions of your ice cream machine    If You Dont Have an Ice Cream Machine    Pour the cooled ginger syrup (from Ginger Sorbet) into a stainless steel  bowl, and place in the freezer. Let freeze until you have a 2-inch border  of ice around the edge of the bowl --- typically this takes 1 1/2 hours or  so --- then remove and scrape the frozen parts into the liquid middle,  beating well with a whisk (or even an electric beater, if you want a very  smooth texture). Repeat, freezing this time around for about 30 to 50  minutes. Repeat 1 or 2 times more, or until it is of a consistency where  you can scoop it loosely into a ball or oval.    Per serving: 135 Calories; 0g Fat (0% calories from fat); 0g Protein; 36g  Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 4mg Sodium Food Exchanges: 2 1/2 Fruit; 2  Other Carbohydrates    NOTES : Although fresh ginger ice cream is the current darling of many  contemporary restaurants, this ice is infinitely more flavorful and  satisfying, to say nothing of lower in fat. Its extraordinarily  refreshing, the hot tingle of fresh ginger bouncing off the sweet, icy  coolness. Eating it is a charged, highly sensual experience. This is  another inn favorites, for which we get frequent recipe requests.    Serve it between courses at a fancier meal, or as dessert --- plain or with  fresh raspberries and some crisp, simple cookies. An ice cream machine  yields the smoothest results, but alternate directions for freezing  machine-less are also given.    Recipe by: Dairy Hollow House    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by "Ellen C." <ellen@elekta.com> on Aug 27, 1998,  