Pineapple & Green Peas, Almond Broth (Ananas Hari Matar Shor
Sesame seeds, Pineapple, peeled, cored and, Frozen peas, defrosted, Green cardamom pods, Freshly ground nutmeg, Cumin seeds, White peppercorns, Raw cashew halves, Hot green chilies, stemmed, Cloves, Ghee or unsalted butter, 3-inch cinnamon sticks, GUJARATISTYLE, Inch piece of fresh ginger, Cream, Grated coconut, Coriander seeds, Black mustard seeds, Blanched almonds, Black mustard seeds, Green peppercorns, Saffron threads, Garam masala, Salt, Green cardamom pods, Ground nutmeg, Sesame seeds, DELHISTYLE GARAM MASALA, Saffron threads, Coriander seeds, Grated dried coconut, Coconut milk, Cumin seeds, 
1.  Place 1 1/2 Tbs each of the almonds and cashews and all of the sesame  seeds, coriander seeds, and coconut in a blender or food processor, cover  and pulse to a coarse powder.  Add 1/2 cup of coconut milk and the ginger  and chilies, cover and process until smooth.  Pour through a strainer,  pressing out all of the liquid.  (You can substitute water for coconut milk  if you like.  I much prefer the coconut milk, though).    2.  Heat the ghee or butter in a 3 quart/liter saucepan over moderate heat.  Add the remaining 1 1/2 Tbs. each cashews and almonds and stir-fry until  golden brown, then remove them with a slotted spoon and set aside.  Drop in  the black mustard seeds and fry until they turn gray and pop.  Pour in the  seed-nut milk and cook, stirring to prevent sticking, for 2-3 minutes. Pour  in the remaining 1 1/4 cups water or coconut milk and the saffron threads  and salt.  Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes.    3.  Add the pineapple, cover and simmer for 20-25 minutes or until the  pineapple is tender.  Add the frozen peas 1-2 minutes before serving.  Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the cream, nutmeg, and garam masala,  and garnish each serving with the fried nuts.    Note: If you cant get a hold of prepared garam masala, or would just like  to make your own, try this: Delhi-Style Garam Masala or Gujarati-Style:    Pan toast on the stove for 15 minutes, on low heat, stirring every 5  minutes or so. Or oven toast in preheated 200 F oven for 30 minutes. Crush  the cinnamon with a kitchen mallet or rolling pin and tap the cardamom pods  to release the black seeds inside, and discard the pods. Grind small  amounts of the toasted spices until they are reduced to a powder. Be sure  to cool thoroughly before storing away from heat and light.    >From The Art of Indian Vegetarian Cooking by Yamuna Devi    Posted to Recipe Archive - 24 November 96    Date: Sun, 24 Nov 96 7:21:04 EST    submitted by: eep@tampa.mindspring.com