Pine Nut-Almond Filo Fingers
Almonds, Filo dough, Ground cinnamon, Powdered sugar, optional, Non-dairy margarine, melted, Pine nuts, Powdered sugar, Walnuts, 
A Rosh Hashana Mediterranean-style treat:    Faye Levy, author of "Faye Levys International Jewish Cookbook," learned  to make these scrumptious pastries from Lebanese-born Suzanne Elmaleh, who  lives in Jerusalem. These are not drenched in syrup, but rather are crisp,  light-textured, delicate and with a hint of sweetness.    If filo dough is frozen, thaw in refrigerator 8 hours or overnight.    Remove filo from refrigerator 2 hours before using. Leave in package.    In food processor chop almonds and walnuts together, leaving some pieces.  Do not grind finely. Transfer to bowl and stir in pine nuts, cinnamon and  powdered sugar.    Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or grease them. Remove filo  sheets from package and unroll on dry towel.    With sharp knife, cut stack of sheets in half lengthwise, then in half  crosswise. Cover filo immediately with piece of wax paper, then with damp  towel. Work with only 1 sheet at time, keeping remaining sheets covered so  they dont dry out.    Remove 1 pastry square from pile. Brush lightly with melted margarine.  Spoon about 2 teaspoons filling at 1 end of filo square so it extends all  along edge.    Fold 2 ends of dough in slightly over filling, then roll up tightly to form  thin finger. Transfer to baking sheet. Continue with remaining dough and  filling. Bake pastries at 350 degrees 15 to 20 minutes or until very light  golden.    Cool on rack. (Pastries can be kept, baked or unbaked, covered tightly, in  freezer, or baked pastries can be kept in airtight container 1 day at room  temperature.) Before serving, sprinkle pastries generously with powdered  sugar. Makes about 30 pastries.    Each serving contains about:    101 calories; 87 mg sodium; 0 cholesterol; 6 grams fat; 11 grams  carbohydrates; 3 grams protein; 0.32 gram fiber.  Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #016    From: Claudia Parras <tamale@aloha.net>    Date: Sat, 07 Sep 1996 15:42:21 -1000