Fresh North Indian Cheese (Paneer Chenna or Paneer Tikki)
FLATBREADS & FLAVORS; ALFORD, Milk, whole, Juice, lemon, 
Place colander lined with 3-4 layers of cheesecloth over large bowl. Heat  milk gradually to boiling in heavy nonreactive saucepan, stirring  occasionally with wooden spoon tokeep it from scorching or forming a skin.  Then lower heat to medium and add lemon juice 1 tb at a time, stirring  gently with wooden spoon 15-20 seconds after adding each tb. The milk may  turn with as little as 1 tb lemon juice per quart, but it may take more, so  be patient; when it turns, the whiter curds will separate from the pale  green whey, so both color and texture will change. As soon as milk starts  to turn, remove from heat.  Stir for another few seconds and then pour into  cloth-lined colander.    Rinse briefly under slow-running cold water to remove lemon taste. Gather  edges of cheesecloth together, squeeze out water, then knot together (or  loop a rubber band around it) to create a bag you can hang from a hook.  rinse out bown and place under cheesecloth bag to catch whey drips. After  only 20 minutes, you will have a soft cheese, paneer chenna.    To make paneer tikki, take bag down but dont untie it, and flatten lump of  chenna into 4" square.  Leaving covered with cheesecloth, place it on plate  or countertop and flatten with heavy weight to compless it into  dense-textured cheese; we find it simplest to weight it with a bread board  with water-filled saucepan on top.  Press cheese for 2 hours. Remove from  cheesecloth and use immediately, or store in plastic wrap in refrigerator.    Authors comments: Paneer is fresh cheese made by souring hot milk with a  little lemon juice and then pressing out the liquid until it becomes a firm  mass.  The process is simple and quick.  The soft cheese produced after the  whey has drained is called paneer chenna. It is used in desserts, and is an  ingredient in a number of savory dishes. When paneer chenna is pressed  under a heavy weight for an hour or two, it firms up and becomes paneer  tikki, or wedge cheese, used commonly in north Indian dishes, such as  paneer kari.  Paneer tikki has little taste of its won, but it has a  delightful texture. Unlike most cheeses, it keeps its firmness even when  heated, rather than melting.    Nutritional information per serving:  xx calories, x.x gm protein, xx mg  cholesterol, xx gm carbohydrate,  xx mg sodium, x.x gm fiber, x.x gm fat,  x.x mg iron, xx mg calcium, xx% of calories from fat.    Tyops courtesy of Sylvia Steiger, SylviaRN (at) CompuServe (dot) com    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Sep 28, 98