Fricasseed Chicken Abruzzi-Style Wtih rosemary, White Wine
Range; (3 1/2 lb) free, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Or 5 cloves garlic; peeled, Finely chopped rosemary, Kosher or sea salt, Chopped hot chille such as, Dry white wine, Cherry tomatoes, Black olives in brine; such, 
Complete title: FRICASSEED CHICKEN ABRUZZI-STYLE WITH ROSEMARY, WHITE WINE,  CHERRY TOMATOES, AND OLIVES    Published in the Los Angeles Times on July 22, 1998, in an article written  by S. Irene Virbila    In the article Ms Virbila states "This is Marcella Hazans adaptation of a  traditional Abruzzese chicken fricassee in which she uses cherry tomatoes  instead of the usual plum tomatoes, and the Italian Riveras small mellow  tagiasche olives instead of the strong-flavored Abruzzi ones. She also  suggests Nicoise olives, the tiny purple-black olives of the French  Riviera, which ...are much easier to find...One tip for the chicken, I cook  it for about half an hour, then remove the chicken and reduce the juices if  they look too thin."    1. Wash chicken in cold water and pat dry with kitchen towel.    2. Put oil, garlic, and rosemary in skilled large enough to hold all  chicken pieces in 1 layer without crowding. Turn heat to high and add  chicken, skin side down. Cook until well browned, 8 to 9 minutes. Sprinkle  with salt to taste and add chille. Turn over contents of skillet with  wooden spoon 3 or 4 times.    3. Add wine and, as it bubbles, scrape loose with wooden spoon any brown  residue sticking to bottom of pan.    4. Cover and reduce heat to low. Cook, turning chicken occasionally, until  very tender, and meat comes easily off bones, about 35 minutes.    5. Add water, 2 to 3 tablespoons at at time, if juices in pan cook away and  chicken begins sticking to bottom of pan. (Chicken can be cooked to this  point several hours in advance. Reheat gently but thoroughly before  proceeding to next step).    6. Add tomatoes and olives, and cook just until tomato skins begin to  crack, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer to warm platter and serve at once.    577 calories; 775 mg sodium; 152 mg cholesterol; 40 grams fat; 11 grams  carbohydrates; 40 grams protein; 1.86 grams fiber    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Harriet Neal <queenbe@earthlink.net> on Aug  10, 1998, 