Pineapple Dream Boat
3 lb golden sweet pineapple, Cream of tartar, Warm water, Coconut extract; or coconut, Lime juice; fresh, Golden rum; or light rum, Superfine sugar, Powdered egg whites, 
Halve pineapple lengthwise through crown. Using paring knife, cut out and  discard core running down center of each pineapple half. Cut out pineapple  from shell halves in large chunks and reserve ( use a grapefruit knife, if  you have one, since it cuts out hte fruit more easily ). With spoon, scrape  out fruit and excess juice from bottoms of shells into 1 quart glass  measure, leaving 1/4 inch thick pineapple boats, which will become serving  containers. Blot boats with paper towel and place in freezer until frozen  solid.    Cut large chunks of pineapple into 1/4 inch pieces. Add to scraped  pineapple pulp and juice in glass measure ( you should have about 3 cups ).  In medium saucepan, combine pineapple mixture with 1/4 cup sugar and the  rum. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring. Reduce heat to medium and  boil mixture until liquid cooks off and pineapple pieces are  glazed-looking, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer to small  metal bowl. Stir in lime juice and coconut flavoring. Refrigerate mixture  until very cold, about 2 hours.    In medium bowl, whisk together powdered egg whites and 6 tblsps warm water  until egg whites are completely dissolved, about 2 minutes. Add cream of  tartar. With electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat until soft peaks  form. Increase mixer speed to high and beat in remaining 1/4 cup sugar, 1  tblsp at a time, until stiff and glossy peaks form.    Fold egg white mixture into chilled pineapple mixture. Spoon into frozen  pineapple shells and serve immediately. If serving frozen, place filled  pineapple shells in freezer for several hours or overnight until mixture is  semi-hard (mixture will not freeze rock hard ). Present in pineapple boats  and spoon into dessert bowls.    161 calories; 2 g protein; 1 g fat ( 6% fat, 0 g saturated fat ); 31 g  carbohydrate; 27 mg sodium; 0 mg cholesterol    Recipe by: Richard Simmons "Sweetie Pie"    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by Nancy <BNRead@worldnet.att.net> on Feb 2,  1998