Pinon Bread (Pi,non)
Chili powder; New Mexican, Pine nuts, Sugar, Whole wheat flour, Unbleached white flour; or, Active dry yeast;, Salt, Cornmeal; for the peel, Warm water, 
"Theres a generous cupful of toasted, ground pine nuts in this bread,  enough so that their unusual pine flavor is clearly present. This bread  makes a delicate, nutty-flavored toast, and the dough can also be shaped  into rolls and glazed. I sometimes add a little wild sage, which is very  aromatic and right with the pine nuts, but if you decide to add sage that  is unfamiliar to you, test it out first in a piece of extra dough. Some  sages can be intensely bitter as well as aromatic.    "Pure red chili mixed with water and brushed over the dough before baking  gives a beautiful warm reddish color to the bread. Where vent lines have  been cut the dough bakes golden brown, and the whole thing looks like a big  gourd or pumpkin. I prefer to bake this round bread on a baking stone,  allowing it to rise on a wooden peel dusted with cornmeal. But if you  choose to use a bread pan use one suitable for a loaf weighing 1+1/2  pounds.    "Served with the Anasazi Beans with Juniper (SAVORY WAY, page 267) and the  Wild Green Salad (SAVORY WAY, page 44) this makes a simple southwestern  meal filled with strong, clean tastes. Makes 1 large loaf or a dozen  2-ounce rolls. " -DM    Toast the pine nuts in a dry skillet until they begin to color, shaking the  pan occasionally so that they dont burn. Remove them from the heat and set  aside to cool; then chop them finely by hand or in a food processor to make  a fine meal. (Be careful not to overwork them, or the pine nuts will form a  nut butter.)    Stir the yeast and sugar into the warm water and set the mixture aside for  10 minutes or until the surface is covered with bubbles. Stir in the salt,  ground nuts, whole wheat flour, and as much white flour as you can, using a  spoon. Turn the dough out onto the counter and knead it until its smooth  and silky, about 8 minutes, incorporating extra flour as needed.    Brush a film of oil in a bowl and set the dough in to rise for  approximately 45 minutes, covered with a damp towel or a piece of plastic  wrap. Let it double in bulk, then turn it out on a counter and knead it  briefly. Shape the dough into a round ball and set it aside to rise again  on a peel or counter dusted with cornmeal or flour. While it is rising,  preheat the oven to 375 deg F. If youre using a baking stone, heat it at  the same time.    When the bread has risen again, after 30 minutes or so, cut 4 or 5 deep  slashes across the top. Mix the ground chili with a few spoonfuls of water  and paint it over the surface of the bread. Slide the risen bread onto the  baking stone and bake it until its firm on top and lightly browned on the  unglazed parts, about 40 minutes. Set the bread on a rack to cool.    PINON ROLLS -- After the dough has risen the first time, knead it briefly  and then cut it into 12 2-ounce pieces. Form each piece into a ball and set  them aside to rise on a peel or baking pan dusted with flour or cornmeal.  Cut several vent lines into each roll and brush the rolls with chili water  as above. When risen, bake the rolls until lightly browned and firm to the  touch, about 25 minutes.    ~-SENT TO the EAT-LF list 9/6/97 by patHanneman Per 2oz Serving: 178 cals,      5.8 g  fat, 27.5%    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n224 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Sep 06, 1997