Fruit Bars
Butter, Granulated sugar, Brown Sugar, Egg, Vanilla, Whole wheat flour, All-purpose flour, Toasted unsweetened wheat, Salt, Baking soda, Fruit filling; (below), 
In large bowl of an electric mixer, beat butter, granulated sugar, and  brown sugar until creamy. Beat in eggs and vanilla. In another bowl, stir  together whole wheat flour, all purpose flour, wheat germ, salt, and baking  soda; gradually add to butter mixture, blending thoroughly.    Cover dough tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until easy to handle  (at least 1 hour) or until next day. meanwhile, prepare fruit filing of  your choice; set aside.    Divide dough into 2 equal portions. Return one portion to refrigerator. On  a floured board, roll out other portion to a straight-edged 9 X 15 inch  rectangle; cut lengthwise into three strips.    Divide cooled fruit filing into 6 equal portions and evenly distribute one  portion down center of spatula to lift sides of each dough strip over  filling, overlapping edges slightly on top. Pres together onto greased  baking sheets (seam side should be down). Brush off excess flour.  Refrigerate for about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, repeat rolling and filling  with remaining dough.    Bake in a 375 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until browned. Let cool  on baking sheets on a rack for about 10 minutes; then cut each strip  crosswise into 4 pieces. Transfer cookies to racks and let cool completely.  Store covered. Makes 4 dozen.    Fig filling. Using a food processor or a food chopper fitted with a medium  blade, grind together 1 pound dried figs (about 2 cups tightly packed) and  1/2 cup walnuts or almonds. Turn into a medium size pan and add 1/3 cup  sugar, 1/2 cup water, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel and 2 tablespoons lemon  juice. Place over medium heat and cook, stirring until mixture boils and  becomes very thick (5 to 8 minutes). Let cook completely.    Prune filling. Follow directions for fig filling, but substitute 2 cups  lightly packed moist pack pitted prunes for figs and add 3/4 teaspoon  ground cinnamon with sugar.    Apricot filling. Follow directions for fig filling, but substitute 3 cups  lightly packed dried apricots for figs and use 1 teaspoon grated orange  peel in place of lemon peel.    Date filing. Follow directions for fig filling, but substitute 1 pound  pitted dates for figs and increase lemon peel to 2 teaspoons.    Recipe by: Sunset Cookies    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Jim and Cindy <cmutchie@mindspring.com> on  Aug 25, 1998, 