Piragi
Warm water, FILLING, Envelopes dry yeast, milk, Eggs, slightly beaten, PASTRY, Salt, Lots of pepper, Sugar, Sugar, Sour cream, Onions, chopped fine (up to, Flour, approx, Lean bacon, diced very fine, Vegetable oil, 
In a hot pan, stir fry filling ingredients quickly for 5 minutes but do not  let too much fat separate. Cool mixture quickly in fridge.    Prepare yeast: in a small bowl, mix sugar with water. Sprinkle yeast on  top, set aside in warm place until frothy.    Meanwhile, scald milk and put it in a large mixing bowl. Add salt, sugar  and oil and stir. In another bowl, mix eggs with sour cream. When milk is  cooled to lukewarm, add egg mixture. Then add yeast mixture and 2 cups of  flour. Beat thoroughly with wooden spoon or electric mixer. Add another cup  of flour and continue beating.    Using a spoon or a dough-hook, mix in almost all the rest of the flour. The  dough will be stiff but still sticky. When the dough begins to leave the  sides of the bowl, turn it out onto a lightly floured board. Work enough  flour into dough so that it can be handled without sticking to hands or  board. Knead with the heels of your hands for about 5-10 minutes, slapping  the ball down on the board a few times.    Place ball into a greased bowl; grease the top of the dough and cover with  plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place about 1 and 1/2 hours, ot until  doubled.    Punch down dough. On a floured surface, roll out the dough to about 1/4  inch thick. (You may want to roll only part of the dough at a time).  Starting in one corner, place 1 teaspoon of filling on the dough. Fold  over. Cut a half-moon shape with the rim of a glass or a cookie cutter.  Press seam tightly with fingers and tuck it under. Place buns on a greased  cookie sheet and brush with beaten egg. Let rise about 20 minutes. Bake at  400 for 10 minutes or until golden brown. (These can be frozen [presumably,  she means after theyve been baked, but Im not sure].)    Posted to FOODWINE Digest 30 Jan 97 by Jennifer Panek  <panek@CHASS.UTORONTO.CA> on Jan 30, 1997.