Piquant Chicken-Revised
Monterey jack cheese**;, Parmesan cheese, Pepper, Green chilies; diced or, Cumin, Tabasco sauce, Butter, Green onions; sliced, Oregano, Butter, Parsley or cilantro; chopped, Garlic salt, SALSA, Whole chicken breasts;, Tomato sauce, Fine bread crumbs, Pepper, Chili powder; use more to, Cumin, HERB BUTTER, 
** I usually use Jack cheese, but yellow if fine too.    Pound chicken breasts between wax paper until they are 1/4-inch thick.  Brush tops with herb butter.    Mix chilies and grated Jack cheese. Divide and spread in the center of each  chicken breast. (I dont mix these; I just lay strips of chilies and strips  of cheese.) Roll up and tuck the ends under.    Combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, chili powder, salt, pepper and cumin. Dip  each stuffed breast in melted butter and roll in crumb mixture.    Place chicken, seam side down, in an oblong baking dish and drizzle with a  little melted butter.    Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 45 minutes.    May be served with Salsa* poured over it or on the side.    Salsa: Combine all ingredients and heat well.    Cooks Notes: I found this recipe book years ago at the library. I made this  recipe and fell in love. I later bought both part I and part II of these  cookbooks. These are the foods that they serve at their wonderful  restaurant in Portland, Oregon.    Over the years, I have adjusted the ingredients. I dont use the Salsa or  any salsa on it. This chicken has a Mexican flavor. At times, I have  changed the ingredients; added cilantro, done without the parsley, the  Tabasco, oregano.    I dont bother using toothpicks or anything. I just tuck everything closed  and then put them in the baking pan tucked side down. They ooooze cheese no  matter what you do! Yum.    Italian Variation: When I had leftover spaghetti sauce and extra mushrooms  ~ - I made it ITALIAN! I left out the cumin and chili powder (used Italian  seasonings instead and changed the cheese to mozzarella, the green chili to  mushrooms and put spaghetti sauce on top.)    Freezer info: Also, we often partially cook these (about 30 minutes)and  then freeze them and then thaw and bake for about 20 minutes. We take  (frozen) camping. (Have not frozen the Italian variation that I invented.)    Source: Albertinas Cookbook #I; a local restaurant and shops (staffed by  volunteers), Portland, Oregon. All profits go to Albertina Kerr Centers For  Handicapped Children.    MC formatted by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>    Recipe by: Albertinas I, A Collection of Recipes, 1989    Posted to recipelu-digest by Badams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Feb 22,  1998