Pipestone Lamb Stew
peeled and quartered, Prepared horseradish, Button mushrooms, Bay Leaves, Onions; peeled and halved, Russet potatoes; peeled, trimmed, cut in 1/4" thick slices, Worcestershire Sauce, Carrots; peeled**, Bunch Italian parsley, Dry white wine, stems trimmed, caps coarsely chopped, Dried thyme, (optl.), Allspice berries, Lamb stew meat with bones, Can plum tomatoes, cut in eighths, Garlic, coarsely chopped, Waxy potatoes, GARNISH, Celery ribs; trimmed***, salt and pepper, Bunch fresh thyme sprigs* or, 
*Strip leaves from the thyme sprigs, to equal abt. 2 tb. of fresh thyme.    **Cut carrots diagonally into 1/2" thick slices.    ***Cut celery ribs diagonally into 1/2" thick slices.    Tie bay leaves, thyme and allspice berries together in a piece of  cheesecloth; set aside.    Brown lamb on all sides in a large (at least 8 qt.) heavy stockpot over  medium-high heat, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the onions and garlic and cook,  stirring frequently, until onions begin to turn translucent, 3 to 4  minutes.    Add the cheesecloth bundle, wine, horseradish, Worcestershire and all the  vegetables to the meat, crushing the tomatoes with your hands or a wooden  spoon.  Season generously with salt and pepper.  Bring to a boil, then  cover, reduce heat to medium, and cook until potatoes are tender and lamb  is falling from the bone, about 3 hours. (You can also transfer the stew to  a preheated 350 F. oven and cook it there for the same amount of time.)    Remove cover and continue cooking the stew until it has thickened somewhat  but is still soupy, an additional 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Remove the cheesecloth  bundle and season to taste, adding more horseradish if you like. Mince  parsley; sprinkle over stew.  Serve immediately.    Yield: 8 to 10 servings.  St. Francis Merlot 1987 goes well with this.    Note: This is a good dish to prepare a day ahead. Remove the cheesecloth  bundle and refrigerate the stew overnight. The next day, skim any fat that  has solidified on the surface and reheat the stew. Season to taste, adding  more horseradish if you like. Garnish with parsley and serve.    Loomis writes:  "This recipe comes from Ann Olson, whose husband, Sherman,  raises sheep - and the grains they eat - on their farm in Danvers,  Minnesota.  Ann makes a variety of lamb dishes throughout the year, and  this is one of her favorites.  (Pipestone is the name of a town in  southern Minnesota, the home of a school where youngsters learn to raise  sheep.  This stew, which has evolved over the years, is made there.)    "Horseradish is a curious seasoning for lamb, but it adds a pleasant  bite...Lamb stew meat is often neck meat, which is some of the most  flavorful on the animal. If you do use neck meat, consider removing the  considerable amount of bone before serving the stew."    From _Farm House Cookbook_ by Susan Herrmann Loomis. New York: Workman  Publishing Company, Inc., 1991.  Pp. 135-136. ISBN 0-89480-772-2.    