Pinto Bean Soup with Fresh Salsa
Vegetable oil, Vegetable broth, chicken, Pinto beans; dried, Black Pepper, SALSA, Fresh cilantro; coarsely, Limes; juiced, Water, Sour cream or Crema, Garlic, Salt, Plum tomatoes, diced; (ripe, Red (Spanish) onion; finely, Yellow onions; diced, Salt and pepper, 
Sort through the beans and discard any misshapen beans or stones. Rinse  well. Place the beans in a saucepan and add the water. Bring to a boil,  reduce the heat to medium-low, cover and simmer until the smallest bean is  cooked through and    creamy inside, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove from the heat and set aside.    In a large saucepan over medium heat, warm the vegetable oil. Add the  onions, salt and pepper and saute until the onions are lightly browned,  about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 1-2 minutes longer. Add the  beans and their liquid and the stock or water. Bring to a boil, reduce the  heat to medium and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the beans  start to break apart, 20-30 minutes. Remove the beans from the heat and let  cool slightly.  Meanwhile, make the salsa: In a bowl, stir together the tomatoes, onion,  cilantro, lime juice and salt and pepper to taste. Cover and refrigerate  until you are ready to serve.  Working in batches, transfer the bean mixture to a blender and puree until  smooth. Transfer the puree to a clean saucepan and reheat over low heat,  stirring frequently, until hot. (If not serving immediately, keep warm over  very low heat, stirring often.)  Ladle the soup into warmed shallow bowls and top each serving with a  spoonful of salsa and a dollop of crema or sour cream.  Susan Feniger and Mary Sue Milliken (1996). Cantina:  Best of Casual  Mexican Cooking. Sunset Books, CA. Part of a series: Casual Cuisines of the  World. [Mastercook 16 Oc 96: Submitted by PATh: 445 cals/14 g fat]  Recipe By     : Feniger and Milliken: Cantina (1996)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #249    Date: Thu, 17 Oct 1996 09:29:47 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>    NOTES : Despite its creamy taste, this simply prepared soup is surprisinly  low in fat. Cantinas might make this soup out of yesterdays beans.