Pirohi
Flour; heaping, POTAT0CHEESE FILLING, Onion; slightly browned in 1, SAUERKRAUT FILLING, Sauerkraut; (1 lb.- 11 oz., Butter; to saute onion, Glass of water;, Carton creamed cottage, PIROHI DOUGH, Potato, Stick butter; or more, Sour cream, Salt, Onion; grate or finely chop, salt and pepper, Egg, Salt, Processed American cheese;, 
FILLING:    Potato Filling:    Peel and cook potatoes. Drain & mash. Combine the mashed potatoes, salt,  cottage cheese & yellow cheese (allow it to melt into the potatoes.) Add  onion, if desired, or plain browned butter. Cover and set aside to cool.  Make pirohi dough.    Sauerkraut Filling:    Rinse sauerkraut and drain. Place in a saucepan and cover with water. Cook  15 minutes. Drain in colander. When cool, squeeze dry and chop coarsely. In  a large skillet, saute onion with enough butter until onion is tender. Add  chopped sauerkraut, season with salt and pepper. Fry 5 minutes longer. Cool       15    minutes before using.    DOUGH    Combine flour and salt. Slowly add eggs. Gradually add cold water, a little  at a time, until the dough forms a nice round ball. (My note: I remember  this as requiring around 8 ounces of water to get a workable dough.) Knead  lightly on floured board about 10 minutes or until dough is smooth. Cut  into 3 pieces and roll out on floured board. Be careful not to roll dough  too thin. Cut circles with a water glass, doughnut cutter or coffee pot top  (preferred for smaller cuts.) Or cut into square shapes. Put about 1  tablespoon of filling on each piece of dough. Fold over and squeeze edges  together tightly.    Have the water boiling. Drop pirohi, one at a time, about 8 at a time in  the pot. Boil gently for about 5 to 10 minutes, do not cook at hard boil.  After pirohi reach top, cook gently, stirring occasionally with a wooden  spoon. Gently take out when done, one at a time. Put into a pan of cold  water, then drain in a colander. Allow to drain until dry.    TO SERVE:    Slowly brown chopped onions in butter until onions and butter are well  browned. Do not burn! Pour browned onions and butter over the pirohis,  serve with sour cream.    Yields about 24 pirohi.    NOTES : This recipe is from a 1970 cookbook from a Russian church in  Detroit.  These are handed-down, home recipes and measurements and  instructions arent precise.  The cooks just knew when things were "right".  Use common sense in adapting them.  Recipe by: Church Cookbook    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by shade <liveoak@POLARIS.NET> on Dec 3, 1997