Galettes Aux Pommes De Terre (Potato Pancakes)
Potatoes, Salt to taste, Whole Milk, All-purpose flour, Eggs, Egg Whites, Heavy cream, Clarified Butter, 
Todays recipe also calls for clarified butter. To prepare, simply cut 2  lbs. of unsalted butter into pieces and place in a medium saucepan over low  heat. Use a ladle to skim off the foam that rises to the top of the butter,  taking care to leave the clear, yellow butter in the saute pan. Let the  butter cool slightly, then carefully strain it through a fine sieve into a  clean glass container. Make sure you leave the milky residue in the bottom  of the saucepan and discard it. You can refrigerate clarified butter for up  to 2 weeks, or freeze it for up to 30 days. Two pounds of regular unsalted  butter should yield about 3 cups of clarified butter.    So why all the extra work to remove some solids from the butter? Simply  stated, clarified butter burns less readily because milk solids are removed  during the clarifying process. Also, you can store your clarified butter  longer than regular butter. If you dont want blackened-potatoes potato  pancakes, youll want to make the extra effort to cook them in clarified  butter.    Place the cubed potatoes with a dash of salt in a large pot and cover with  cool water. Bring the potatoes to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat  to medium-high, partially cover, and simmer for about 15 minutes, or until  soft. Drain well and put through a potato ricer into a large mixing bowl.    Add milk to the riced potatoes and beat until smooth and fluffy. Stir in  the flour until well blended. Beat in the whole eggs, one at a time, and  then beat in the egg whites in the same, singular manner. Mix just enough  to combine the ingredients without overprocessing the mixture, add the  cream.    Preheat the oven to about 175-F degrees so you can maintain the warmth of  the fresh potato pancakes as they are cooked.    Place about one tablespoon of the clarified butter into a large, non-stick  skillet and drop rounds of potato batter into it with a ladle. Cook the  pancakes for about 2 minutes on each side, or until lightly brown, with the  centers set. Transfer the cooked potato pancakes to a baking sheet and keep  the prepared cakes on the tray in your warm oven.    Continue cooking the pancakes until no batter remains, using more of the  clarified butter as you need it.    Sprinkle the sheet of warm potato pancakes with a bit of salt, then arrange  the cakes as a partially overlapping circular layer around the stuffed veal  breasts (yesterdays recipe).    Serve warm.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 4, 1998, 