Piquant Chicken Served At Albertinas, Portland, Or
Cumin, Oregano, Fine bread crumbs, Pepper, Butter, SALSA, Tomato sauce, Chopped parsley, CHICKEN, Garlic salt, Green onions, sliced, Whole chicken breasts,, Tabasco sauce, Butter, Parmesan cheese, grated, Monterey Jack cheese, grated, Chili powder, use more to, HERB BUTTER, Green chilies, diced, Cumin, Pepper, 
Pound chicken breasts between wax paper until they are 1/4-inch thick.  Brush tops with herb butter. Mix chilies and grated Jack cheese. Divide and  spread in the center of each chicken breast.. Roll up and tuck the ends  under. Combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, chili powder, salt, pepper and  cumin. Dip each stuffed breast in melted butter and roll in crumb mixture.  Place chicken, seam side down, in an oblong baking dish and drizzle with a  little melted butter. Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. May  be served with Salsa* poured over it or on the side. Serves 8    Salsa: Combine all ingredients and heat well.    Cooks Notes: I found this recipe book years ago at the library. I made this  recipe and fell in love. I later bought both part I and part 2 of these  cookbooks. These are the foods that they serve at their wonderful  restaurant.    Over the years, I have adjusted the ingredients. I dont use the Salsa or  any salsa on it.    This chicken has a Mexican flavor. At times, I have changed the  ingredients; added cilantro, done without the parsley, the Tabasco, oregano  (when I had leftover spaghetti sauce and extra mushrooms - I made it  ITALIAN! I left out the cumin and chili powder (used Italian seasonings  instead) and changed the cheese to mozzarella, the green chili to mushrooms  and put spaghetti sauce on top.) I dont bother using toothpicks or  anything. I just tuck everything closed and then put them in the baking pan  tucked side down. They ooooze cheese no matter what you do! Yum.    Also, we like to partially cook these and then freeze them. We even take  them camping. Everybody loves them and they never last, NEVER.    Source: Albertinas I ; a local restaurant and shops (staffed by  volunteers), Portland, Oregon. All profits go to Albertina Kerr Centers For  Handicapped Children. MC formatted by Brenda Adams  <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>  NOTES : This is my favorite recipe ever!!    Recipe by: Albertinas I, A Collection of Recipes, 1989    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #369, by Brenda Adams  <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> on Sun, 12 Jan 1997.