Game Terrines - Elk and Pork - S.c. I. Dinner Pt 1
TERRINES, Bread pans; 9 1/4 x 5 1/4 x, Bacon, TERRINE #1, Chicken livers, Boneless pork loin, Salt, Cajun Seasoning, FORCE MEAT, Ground Elk, Ground Pork, Salt, Marsala wine, Pistachio nuts, Skinned & boned chicken, Salt, TERRINE #2, Frozen spinach leaves, Red bell pepper, Boneless pork loin, Shiitaki mushrooms, Butter, Salt, TERRINE #3, cocktail onions, stuffed green olives , Frozen spinach leaves, 
For the forcemeat- If the meat is not very smooth and fine after it has  been ground 3 times, place it in small batches in a food processor and  process it until it is very smooth and the consistency of the meat in a  frankfurter. Add all the ingredients and mix thoroughly. When well mixed  take a small portion of the meat and poach it in a little boiling water or  saute it in a fry pan and test the seasonings. I prefer to saute the meat.  If needed, correct to taste. Remember these will be eaten cold and the  seasoning will not be as intense when cold so they should be a little over  seasoned when hot.    For the terrines- Using one pound per pan, line each pan with bacon,  allowing the bacon to hang over the side so you can cover the tops when  done. This is accomplished by starting each strip in the center of the  bottom of the pan and working it up the sides and hanging the excess over  the side. Continue until the pan is completely lined. This will require  most of the pound of bacon.    Terrine #1 - Place enough forcemeat in the bottom of the pan to form a  layer about 1 inch deep. Pat in down firmly expelling all the air from the  corners and bottom. Place a layer of the chicken livers on the meat,  sprinkle with salt and the cajun seasoning to taste, and cover with another  layer of meat. Again pack it down firmly expelling all the trapped air and  sealing it to the bottom layer. Place the sliced chicken breasts on top of  the second layer of forcemeat longways and again season to taste with the  salt and cajun seasoning. Cover with a third layer of forcemeat and pack  down firmly. The pan should be almost full to the top when done. Fold the  bacon strips over the top of the meat, pat down firmly and cover with  aluminum foil.    Terrine #2- This terrine should be made in layers the same way as the  first. Saute the mushrooms and bell pepper in the butter until just cooked  and set aside. Squeeze the spinach with your hands to get all the liquid  out. Construct the terrine using the mushrooms, spinach, bell pepper and  pork loin, seasoning to taste as before, with the salt and cajun spice. The  m ush rooms , spi nach and bel I pepper wi I I cook down a lot so add more  than you think you need or you wont see them when you serve the terrine.  The nicest part of serving the terrine is seeing the pattern the vegetables  and meats make when you cut it.  continued in part 2