Pissaladiere or Onion Tart (Shulman)
olive oil, Garlic, White onions, Fresh thyme leaves, pepper, Anchovy fillets, Salt, capers, Recipe pizza crust, Bay leaf, 
Make the pizza dough and prepare the onions while it rises. Heat the oil in  a large, heavy-bottomed, nonstick skillet over medium-low heat and add the  onions and a little salt. When the onions begin to sizzle, give them a stir  and add the garlic, bay leaf, thyme and pepper. Turn down the heat to low,  cover and cook slowly for 45 minutes to an hour, stirring often. The onions  should melt down almost to a puree. If they begin to stick, add water a few  tablespoons at a time. Stir in the capers, taste, and adjust seasonings.    Preheat the oven to 475 degrees. Roll out the dough about - to -inch thick  and line an oiled 14-inch round or rectangular pizza pan or baking sheet.  Pinch a generous lip around the edge. Spread the onions over the dough in  an even layer.    Cut the anchovy fillets in half and distribute them over the dough, making  an "X" with every two pieces. If you are not using anchovies, reserve a  quarter of the dough; after topping with the onions, roll out the remaining  dough and cut into strips. Make a lattice decoration on top of the dough.    Bake for 15-20 minutes, until the edge are brown and the onions are  beginning to brown. Remove from the heat. Serve hot or cold.    Advance preparation: The filling can be made a day ahead of time and held  in the refrigerator. The dough can be frozen, either before or after  rolling it out. If you have rolled it out, top with the onions before  thawing and put directly into the preheated oven.    Nutrition information per serving: 315 calories, 7 grams fat, 703  milligrams sodium, 10 grams protein, 53 grams carbohydrate, 4 milligrams  cholesterol.    >From "Provencal Light," by Martha Rose Shulman (Bantam, 1994).    >Recipes from "An evening in Provence," February 18, 1998, By ANN BURGER,  Post and Courier Food Editor, 1998-Feb-18  http://www.charleston.net/pub/entertain/food/hea0218.htm    Notes: Pissaladiere is a Provencal onion tart. Its name comes from the word  "pissalat" or "pissala," a paste made of anchovies and olive oil seasoned  with cloves, thyme and a bay leaf. If you dont like the anchovies that  decorate the tart, you can reserve some dough to garnish the crust.    >Edited by Pat Hanneman (Kitpath) 98mar    Recipe by: PROVENCAL LIGHT, by Martha Rose Shulman    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 23,  1998