Pita Bread #4
Lukewarm water (105 to 115, All purpose flour; about, Whole wheat flour, WHOLE WHEAT PITA BREAD, Cooking oil, Active dry yeast, Salt, Sugar, 
From:    Tats Torres <pain@EMILE.COM.PH>    Date:    Tue, 23 Jul 1996 17:38:29 EST  a large bowl mix well water, yeast and sugar; let stand 5 mins or until  bubbly. Stir in salt and oil.  Gradually stir in 2 cups flour or enough to  make a stiff dough. Form the dough and lightly floured the surface. Knead  about 10 mins or until smooth & elastic. Place in lightly greased bowl.  Turn to grease the top. Cover and let rise for one hour or until double in  bulk. Turn out lightly floured surface. Cut in 8 equal pieces. Roll each in  ball. Then flatten with fingers to 4" round. Let rest for 5-10 mins. Roll  each to 6" round and about 1/4 " thick Place on heavily floured paper. or  board . Cover with wax paper & a light towel. Let rise in a warm place for  30 mins. or until dough look smooth and slightly raised. meanwhile place  clean, unglazed 6" red clay tile or a large heavy baking sheet in the  middle of the lowest oven rack. leaving at least 3" between tin or sheet &  oven walls. Preheat oven up to 500 degrees, After 20 mins. pre-heating,  carefully transfer risen rounds, floured side down (be sure not to tear)  with a thin wooden paddle (Similar  to pizza paddle, you can also use or a  very wide spatula or even a cardboard as substitute to this) one at a time  to the hot tile or tin. (Be sure that the round is completely supported  otherwise a tear in the dough may  result, do not let hang of the sides).  Bake for 4 to 5 mins or until loaves balloon up and are very lightly  browned. Remove from oven, place on wax paper.  Cover with wax paper or a  towel (loaves will soften  from their oven steam as they cool. Cool then  press down to flatten.  Store in plastic bags. To serve, slit at the edge &  open to make pocket or cut crosswise in half and pull open to make two  pockets.  The red clay tiles produces a puffier bread with larger pockets.    makes 8 per pita 167 calories, 34 grams carbohydrates, 1 gram fat and 0 mg  of cholesterol    Whole wheat Pita Bread: Subst1 cup whole wheat flour for 1 cup flour.  Proceed as above recipie.    EAT-L Digest 22 July 96    From the EAT-L recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.