Pistachio Cake with White Chocolate Buttercream
Granulated sugar, Baking Powder, Baking soda, Almond extract, Chopped pistachio nuts;, Butter or margarine, All-purpose flour, Buttermilk, Finely shredded orange peel, Chopped pistachio nuts;, Vanilla, Egg whites (reserve yolks, White Chocolate Buttercream, 
Grease and lightly flour three 8x1 1/2 inch round baking pans. Stir  together flour, baking powder, and baking soda. Set pans and flour mixture  aside.    Beat butter with an electric mixer on medium to high speed 30 seconds. Add  sugar, vanilla, and almond extract to butter and beat until fluffy.  Alternately add flour mixture and buttermilk, beating on low to medium  speed just until combined.    Thoroughly wash beaters. In a medium mixing bowl beat egg whites until  stiff peaks form (tips stand straight). Gently fold beaten egg whites into  batter. Fold in the 1 1/2 cups pistachio nuts and the orange peel.    Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in a 350 oven for 30-35 minutes or  until a wooden toothpick inserted near the center of each cake comes out  clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Remove cakes from pans and  completely cool on wire racks. Frost with White Chocolate Buttercream.  Press remaining pistachio nuts on sides of cake. Cover and store cake in  refrigerator for up to 3 days. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes  before serving. Makes 12 servings.    WHITE CHOCOLATE BUTTERCREAM:    In a medium mixing bowl combine 1/2 cup granulated sugar and 2 Tablespoons  all-purpose flour; add the 6 reserved egg yolks. Beat mixture with a wire  whisk until combined; set aside. In a heavy, medium saucepan heat 1 1/2  cups milk over medium heat just to boiling. Remove from heat. Gradually  beat hot milk into egg mixture with the wire whisk; return entire mixture  to saucepan. Cook over medium heat until bubbly, whisking constantly. Cook  for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Add 6 ounces chopped white baking  bar, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract. Let stand 1  minute; stir until smooth. Transfer mixture to a bowl. Cover surface with  plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming; cool to room temperature. In a  medium mixing bowl beat 1 cup softened butter (no substitutes) on medium to  high speed until fluffy. Add cooled baking bar mixture, one fourth at a  time, beating on low speed after each addition until blended.    Recipe by: Unknown Cookbook Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #685 by  L979@aol.com on Jul 21, 1997