Pitta Breads with Couscous and Roasted Lamb
(level) freshly ground black, Clove garlic, peeled and, Aubergine (about 275g), Fresh flat-leaf parsley,, Lemon juice, olive oil, Salt, Lemon juice, olive oil, Salad onions, trimmed fine, For the Lamb, White pitta breads, Shoulder of lamb on the bone, (rounded) ground coriander, Medium-ripe tomatoes, For the Couscous, olive oil, Balsamic vinegar, (level) chilli flakes, For the Dressing, (rounded) ground ginger, Cm fresh ginger, peeled and, Couscous, Pitted black olives, drained, Salt, 
Prepare the lamb the day before. First of all combine the lemon juice,  chilli flakes, ground coriander, ginger, black pepper and the crushed  garlic. Rub this marinade all over the lamb, place in a roasting tin, cover  with clingfilm and chill in the fridge overnight.    The next day, preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6. Remove the lamb from the  fridge 30 minutes before you want to start cooking it. Roast the lamb for 1  hour 20 minutes for pink lamb, giving it a further 30 minutes if you prefer  it well done.    While the lamb is cooking, prepare the couscous by putting it in a  medium-sized bowl with the lemon juice, olive oil and 275ml of boiling  water. Stir the grains with a fork, then cover with clingfilm and leave to  stand for 15 minutes to soften - the couscous should be moist but not wet.  If it is too dry, add more boiling water.    Put the tomatoes in a small bowl, pour sufficient boiling water over to  cover, slowly count to 15, pour off the water and then quickly fill the  bowl with cold water. This will stop the cooking process. Drain, lift the  tomatoes out, peel and discard the skins, quarter the flesh and then scoop  the seeds out with a teaspoon and throw away. Cut the flesh into 1cm dice  and return to the bowl. Add the roughly chopped parsley and mint leaves to  the couscous, along with the tomatoes and salad onions. Season, mix well to  combine, cover and put aside.    Preheat a griddle pan over a high heat for 3-4 minutes or the grill for at  least 5 minutes.    Cut the aubergine lengthways into 4 and then cut each of these quarters  into 3 long, fat batons. Brush well with the olive oil and place on the  griddle or a baking sheet. Griddle on a medium heat or place the baking  sheet under the grill for 4-5 minutes, turning the aubergines until they  are brown on all sides. Allow to cool and cut into 2cm cubes. While the  griddle or grill is still hot, warm the pittas through for about 1 minute  on each side, then split.    Mix all the dressing ingredients together in a small bowl.    When the lamb is cooked, remove it from the oven and let it cool for about  an hour in its tin. Then, using a very sharp knife, cut the lamb down  either side of the bone, trim all the fat and any sinew and discard. Dice  the lamb into 1in cubes, put these in a bowl, along with the aubergine  cubes, pitted olives and the dressing. Mix well and season.    Spoon the couscous into one side of each pitta bread, and the lamb,  aubergine and olive mixture into the other. Garnish with the reserved  parsley and mint, arrange in a dish or basket and serve.    Suggested Wine: Sainsburys Copertino Riserva ?4.29    NOTES : This Middle Eastern recipe requires quite a lot of effort, but I  can promise you it is worth it. Shoulder of lamb is a sweet and succulent  cut to use and its flavour is enhanced by this spicy, aromatic marinade.  These filled pittas are perfect picnic fare.  Recipe by: Sainsburys Mag July 1997, Cooking for a Summers Day w Meat  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #656 by Kerry Erwin <kerry@north.org> on Jul  06, 1997