Pizza #2
Toppings: onions; bell, (8-oz) tomato sauce, Yeast, (6-oz) tomatoe paste, Crust, Fresh ground pepper, Warm water, Garlic powder, Whole wheat pastry flour, Italian seasoning, SAUCE, Sugar, All purpose flour, 
Date: Tue, 13 Feb 1996 05:58:54 GMT    From: lmwash@garlic.com (Linda Washington)  Hi, recently I had a large group for dinner and I fixed pizza. My dad is on  a strict Mcdougal diet and helped me develop the following recipie. The  crust and sauce are mine and I put any vegies that I have for topping. This  was the first Pizza to go and my homemade Pizza is very popular!    Crust: Mix dry ingredients (I have a kitchen aid mixer with dough hook) and  while mixing, slowly add warm water until dough forms a nice ball that does  not stick to the bowl. Let kneed with dough hook (or by hand ) for 5-10  minutes on slow speed. Let rise until double. Punch down and kneed again.  Let rest 5 minutes and shape and roll out for pizza. This crust raises well  so, adjust thickness for your taste. (I use left over dough to make  breadsticks, they are very popular) Sprinkle pizza pan with cornmeal and  place crust on it. Prick with a fork and put in a preheated 425 F oven  right away. Bake until light gold on top and bottom, about 10 minutes  (depending upon thickness). A few minutes into bake time, check for air  pockets and poke with a fork.    Sauce: Spread tomato paste (I use the back of a soup spoon)   onto warm  (not hot) crust. Pour the half can to tomato sauce over and spread evenly  over paste. Sprinkle with seasonings to taste. The plainer the toppings,  the more seasoning you use, the more "spicy" or flavorful the toppings, the  less you need. (this sauce is so good and easy, people will think you  slaved over a hot stove for hours)    Toppings:  This is the "add what you like area" so I will put down what I  used and some other suggestions I have used: onions, bell peppers, sliced  tomatoes, cucumber slices, shredded carrots and squash, red onion,  pineapple,cooked broccoli and caulifower.    Assemble Pizza and place in a 345 F oven until heated through, 15-20  minutes depending upon amount of toppings. This makes l large pizza, dough  recipe can easily be increased to make more.    This is a great make ahead recipe, just assemble early in the day and heat  when ready.    FATFREE DIGEST V96 #47    From the Fatfree Vegetarian recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.