Pizza Dough #6
water, Active dry yeast, Sugar, Flour, Salt, Olive oil, 
From: starsabre@oui.com (jt august)    Date: 08 Mar 1994 10:13:23 -0600  Here is the recipe I used at a pizza parlour I worked at a decade ago -  scaled back from the industrial size to an amount appropriate for a single  family.    Dissolve sugar and yeast in warm water.  Allow to sit for 8-10 minutes  (builds a good froth, so make sure this is in a 2 cup or larger container,  glass is best as it holds the heat nicely)    While yeast water is brewing, place in either a mixing bowl of a mixer with  a dough hook or the bowl of a bread machine set on manual (no bake cycle)  the flour and salt. When water is ready, add to flour, along with 1 tbsp  olive oil or butter flavoured oil (latter is personal touch I prefer)    Mix thoroughly for about 4-6 minutes, being ready to add flour or water if  necessary (flour can vary from brand to brand) to make a smooth, springy  dough.  Dough should only be slightly sticky to the firm touch.    Remove dough from bowl and place in an airtight bag.  Do not seal bag, but  leave open in a nearly closed drape (that is, not wide open, but enough to  allow gasses from yeast to escape).  Set in a warm place for at lest one  hour and fifteen minutes. This is the crucial part. Most people don't allow  the dough to properly rise, resulting in a tough, unpleasant dough.    Roll out to cover a 14 inch pan for thicker crust, 16 inch pan for thinner  crust.  Permeate crust with fork in a similar fashion to the way used to  keep pie crusts from bubbling. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise an  additional 15-20 minutes.  Briefly repeat permeation with fork, though not  as thoroughly.    Prepare toppings and sauces as desired.  Cook pizza at 475 until crusts  turns golden brown on edges and cheese is browned and bubbling (presuming  your has cheese on it).    NOTE: For Chicago style deep dish, follow these directions at the point  where the dough is rolled out.    Grease a 12 inch pan (edges should come up at least 1 1/2 inches for best  effect, but a shallower pan can be used, and the dough shaped to stick up  instead) with olive oil.    Roll dough to cover pan, but remain thick .  Place dough so that a lip  sticks upward along center of pan.  Paint a thin layer of olive oil over  exposed surface.  Cover with plastic wrap and set in warm place to rise for  25-30 minutes (do not permeate crust).    Bake in preheated oven at 425 for 4-6 minutes, until crust just starts to  look glossiness, and becomes mildly firm to the touch.  This is called  par-baking.    Remove from oven, and cool.  Prepare toppings and sauces to taste.  Bake at  475 until crust is golden brown and cheese is slightly browned and  bubbling.    Internet,  G Internet.