Pizza Crust (Shulman)
Unbleached white flour; for, Salt, Whole-wheat flour, Unbleached white flour; plus, Active dry yeast, Fine semolina, Lukewarm water, 
Dissolve the yeast in the lukewarm water in a large bowl or in the bowl of  your electric mixer and let sit for 5 minutes, until the yeast begins to  bubble slightly. Stir in the semolina.    Kneading by hand: Mix together the whole-wheat flour and salt and stir into  the yeast mixture. Fold in the unbleached white flour, cup at a time, until  the dough can be scraped out of the bowl in one piece. Add cup of the  unbleached flour to your kneading surface and knead, adding unbleached  white flour as needed for 10 minutes. The dough will be sticky at first but  will become very elastic.    Using an electric mixer: Combine the whole-wheat flour, salt and the  unbleached white flour and add all at once to the bowl. Mix together with  the paddle, then change to the dough hook. Mix at low speed for 2 minutes,  then at medium speed for 8 to 10 minutes. If the dough seems very wet and  sticky, sprinkle in up to cup flour for kneading. Scrape out the dough onto  a lightly floured surface and knead for a minute or so by hand. Shape into  a ball.    Rinse out your bowl, dry, and brush lightly with olive oil. Place the dough  in the bowl, rounded side down first, then rounded side up. Cover with  plastic wrap and a kitchen towel and set in a warm place to rise for 2  hours or until the dough has doubled in size.    Preheat the oven, with a baking stone or baking tiles in it, to 500  degrees. Punch down the dough. Line a lightly oiled 14- or 15-inch pizza  pan or roll the dough into a small round that will bake directly on a  stone. The dough should be rolled no thicker than 1/4-inch.    If you are baking the pizza directly on a stone, transfer the dough to a  baking peel that has been lightly dusted with semolina or cornmeal. Top  with the garnishes of your choice and either gently slide from the peel  onto the hot baking stone or place pan on the top of the baking stone. Bake  for 15 minutes. Serve hot.    Advance preparation: The dough can be frozen, before or after being rolled  out. If you have rolled out the dough, do not thaw, but top and bake  directly.    Nutrition information for one-sixth of crust: 198 calories, about 1.5 grams  fat, 368 milligrams sodium, 6 grams protein, 39 grams carbohydrate, 0  milligrams cholesterol.    >From "Provencal Light," by Martha Rose Shulman (Bantam, 1994).    >Recipes from "An evening in Provence," February 18, 1998, By ANN BURGER,  Post and Courier Food Editor, 1998-Feb-18  http://www.charleston.net/pub/entertain/food/hea0218.htm    Notes: The salt was adjusted: 2 tsp. were specified in the original.    >Edited by Pat Hanneman (Kitpath) 98mar    Recipe by: PROVENCAL LIGHT, by Martha Rose Shulman    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 24,  1998