Pizza Dough #03
Fast-rising yeast, Water at 120-130F (use a, Flour (approx), Salt, olive oil, 
From: knabe@ecrc.de (Fritz Knabe)    Date: Fri, 6 Aug 1993 07:12:53 GMT  Blend the yeast with two cups of flour and the salt. Add the water and the  oil and mix to form a dough. Add more flour as necessary until you can  knead the dough. Knead for about 6 minutes (I use my KitchenAid).    Put the dough in a bowl and allow to rise for about 45 minutes. In the  meantime, preheat the oven to 400F and prepare your toppings.    Split the dough into two pieces and roll into two medium size pizzas. In  the U.S., you can use bread flour to make the pizzas. If so, the dough  should be strong enough to handle spinning in the air. For that to work,  though, *do not knead the dough (or punch down) after it has risen!* If you  want to spin, itll probably go easier if you just resort to using all the  dough for one large pizza.    If youre rolling the dough, ideally you can roll it out on parchment  paper, which can go directly into the oven with the pizza. Why not do it on  a cookie sheet? Well, the secret of a good pizza crust (particularly a thin  one) is that the pizza should bake directly on a hot surface. I have lined  my oven with quarry tiles, and I bake my pizzas directly on that. A pizza  stone can be had at a cooking store, or you might try baking directly on  the floor of your oven. If you try to bake on a cookie sheet that you slide  into the oven with the pizza on it, I think youll find yourself frustrated  in the quest of good crusty pizza.    So, after rolling out and preparing your pizza on top of parchment paper,  slide the paper (with the pizza on it) onto a large cutting board held  level with the counter. Then open the oven and gently shake the cutting  board so that the pizza and the paper slide right off. Dont be scared, it  works!    If you dont have parchment paper... Well, in the U.S., parchment paper can  be hard to find in some areas (why, I dont know -- its the most useful  baking tool I have). So, in this case, roll out (or spin) your pizza dough  and then place it on a cutting board **liberally** dusted with cornmeal.  Put the toppings on the pizza and then do the same sliding trick before  (although its good to check, just beforehand, that the pizza doesnt seem  stuck anywhere to the board). Ive made a lot of pizzas this way, too, and  though its not quite so easy to get the pizza from the board to the oven  as with parchment paper, it certainly works (again, dont be scared!).    Finally, bake the pizza from anywhere between 12-18 minutes. The dough will  be hard, so you wont have any trouble pulling the pizza out of the oven  with a pot holder onto a cutting board.    And if you have a pizza peel instead of a cutting board, use that!    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.