Pizza Rustica Abm
Salt, Milk; plus, Milk; (if needed), Eggs, Roasted Red Peppers; drained, Flour, Parsley, Basil Leaves; coarsely, olive oil, Yeast, Salami; thinly sliced, Pepper, TOPPING, Sugar, Rosemary; chopped, Pepper, Salt, FILLING, Romano Cheese; grated, Provolone Cheese; thinly, Salt, Ricotta Cheese, 
Place all dough ingredients in pan and program for knead and first rise.  The dough will be firm and pull away from the side of the machine. While  the dough is rising, prepare the filling. In mixing bowl, whisk together  all the ingredients and refrigerate until you are ready to assemble the  pizza. Preheat the oven to 400F. with the rack in the center position.  Grease a 9" springform pan.    When the dough cycle is completed transfer the dough to a lightly floured  work surface, cover it with a clean towel, and let it rest for 5 minutes.  Cut the dough in 2 pieces; one piece should be one third of the dough and  the other piece should be 2/3.  Roll out the larger piece to a 14" circle.  Line the springform pan with the circle. A small amount of dough (1")  should overlap the top of the pan. Arrange 5 slices of salami on the  bottom. Spread a third of the ricotta filling over the salami, then  sprinkle on a third of the basil. Lay out a third of the peppers. Lay out 4  slices of provolone.  Repeat this pattern for the next 2 layers. Roll out  the small piece of dough to a 9" circle. Brush water around the rim of the  dough already in pan, then fit the 9" circle on top. Trim away about 1/2"  of the overlapping dough from the bottom circle. Crimp together the top and  bottom edges. Brush the top of the dough with olive oil and salt and  pepper. With a pair of scissors, cut a vent in the top crust about 1" in  diameter. Bake for 15 minutes at 400F., then at 350F. for 15 minutes.  Remove the pizza from the oven and immediately remove the sides of the  springform. Cool before slicing to allow layers to set.    Source: Pizza Etc from Your Bread Machine Typed by Meg Antczak, Fido  Cooking Conference 07-19-95 Revised for Meal-Master Format by Katherine  Smith    