Pizza Rustica
Mozzarella cheese,, Italian sausage, Mint leaves, dried, Flour, CHEESE FILLING, Parsley (fresh),, Ricotta cheese, Pizza dough (if you, Eggs, MEAT FILLING, Prosciutto, thinly, PIZZA, Black pepper, Romano cheese, grated, Salt to taste (depends, Italian dry salami,, Egg, separated, 
Put ricotta and eggs into a large bowl and stir until well mixed.  Blend in  all other ingredients. Slice the sausage into rounds about 3/8 inch thick.  Brown in a little oil until cooked through. Drain and discard grease. Cut  the salami and ham slices into strips about 1 x 1/4 inches. Make or thaw or  unwrap the pizza dough. Mix the meats into the cheese filling. Roll the  dough into two disks, one large enough to line a 10-inch round cake pan,  the other large enough to cover it. Put the larger piece into the  lightly-floured cake pan, molding it so that it completely lines the pan,  with at least 1/2 inch hanging over the edge. Fill with the cheese-meat  mixture.  To allow for expansion, fill to about 1/2 inch below the top of  the pan. Wet the exposed dough edge with egg white, place the other piece  of dough on top, and pinch the two pieces together. Trim neatly to make a  seal. Brush egg yolk over the top of the pie (this will brown during  baking). Puncture the top of pie in several places with a knife (make sure  the holes are large enough not to close up during baking). Bake at 350  degrees F. for about an hour, until the top is browned but not burned.  Remove from pan and cool on a wire rack. Serve at room temperature. NOTES:  *  San Felese Easter pie -- This dish is traditional in my family at Easter  time.  I dont know how to spell the Italian name of this pie, but it  sounds something like "Pizza Gain" (my father translates it as "full pie"  This recipe originated in the town of San Fele, east of Naples. * This  recipe makes a very large pie.  I couldnt find a big enough cake pan, so I  used a cast-iron frying pan. You might try using half the quantity of  ingredients in a 7-inch pan (make a little extra dough). * If possible,  grate your own romano cheese.  Some of the romano sold pre-grated in  cardboard cylinders looks and tastes more like sawdust than cheese.  "Romano" and "parmesan" are American names; the main difference is that  romano is sharper.  The mint you want to use is spearmint.  It is sold as  just plain "mint" in the spice section of supermarkets. Peppermint is  entirely the wrong flavor. * Italian sausage is a fresh sausage, i.e.  uncured and uncooked.  It must be cooked before eating. Depending upon  where you live, the less-spicy version of it is called either "sweet" or  "mild."  When Im really ambitious I make my own (that doesnt happen  often!). The only ingredients are pork (about 20 percent fat), fennel  seeds, salt and a small amount of red pepper flakes, all coarsely ground  and stuffed into natural hog casings. If you cant find Italian sausage,  you might try a mixture of ground pork with the above seasonings, rolled  into little patties. To adjust seasonings, just pan-fry a little bit of the  mixture and taste. * The cheese filling given above (without the meats) is  my standard filling for lasagna, manicotti, ravioli, etc. * This same  recipe can be used to make calzone.  Roll out a small disk of pizza dough,  put a blob of cheese/meat mixture in the middle, fold it over, seal and  bake.  This is a good way to use up any filling that doesnt fit into the  pie.  : Joe Petolino  : Chronon Computer Co., Mountain View CA  : sun!chronon!petolino  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust    