Pizza Hut Crust
Dry yeast, Dry oregano leaves, Sugar, Cold water, Garlic salt, Sugar, Salt, Corn oil, All-purpose flour, Warm water, 
Sprinkle yeast over warm water and stir in the sugar. Let stand about 5  minutes or until very bubbly. Combine the remaining ingredients with about  half of the flour, beating to a smooth batter. Beat in the yeast mixture  and then with a sturdy spoon work in remaining flour until you can toss it  lightly on a floured surface and knead it until it feels elastic in  texture. The kneading may require abaout 2/3 cup additional flour, that you  will be coating your hand with as you knead the dough. Dont let the dough  become too stiff and yet you dont want it to stick to your hands. Place it  in a large plastic food bag, which you can spray inside with Pam or wipe  the inside of it with oil and place the ball of kneaded douogh in this to  rise until doubled in bulk. Be sure the plastic bag is large enough that it  will permit the dough to double without splitting the bag. You can place  the bag of dough on a warm, sunny spot on the table or kitchen counter  which helps it to raise quickly and if its summertime, place the bag of  dough (with open end sealed tightly with tape) in your car with the windows  up! When dough has doubled, punch it down and shape it to fit two 15" round  pizza pans that have been greased and dusted in cornmeal. Add the sauce and  topping ingredients exactly in the order listed above, spreading each  ingredients evenly over the dough. Let this rise about 20 minutes in a warm  place and then bake at 450~, about 20 to 25 minutes, putting one pizza at a  time on center rack of the preheated oven. If you dont want a pizza-pizza  and you can only handle one of them, wrap the second pizza in foil or  plastic and seal it with tape to lock out all air. Freeze it before it  rises the last time. After letting it thaw 30 ,omites, you can bake as  directed above. Source: Gloria Pitzers Secret Fast Food Recipes. Busted by  Ramona  Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 221 by Sewgoode@aol.com on Nov  8, 1997