Pizza with Rosemary and Garlic (Pizza Bianca)
Salt, Leaves from 3 sprigs, Dry yeast, Flour (approximately):, Olive oil (approximately), DOUGH, olive oil, Fine sea salt, Warm water, TOPPING, 
You will need a large bread bowl, a baking sheet 12 by 18 inches or two  smaller sheets.  Place water in a large bowl. Water should be warm but not  hot to the touch. Stir in the yeast and allow to dissolve. Stir in 1 cup  flour, stirring constantly in the same direction. Stir in another cup  flour, then stir 100 times in the same direction (one minute). This helps  develop the gluten. You now have a sponge. Cover, and let stand for half an  hour or up to three hours. When you are ready to continue, sprinkle on salt  and oil, then add more flour, stirring it in a half cup at a time. The  dough will be getting heavier and harder to stir. When you can stir no  longer, flour a kneading surface well and have more flour handy beside your  work surface. Turn dough out and knead, adding extra flour to your work  surface as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking.    The dough will gradually become smooth and easy to work. Knead for 10  minutes, clean bread bowl, oil it lightly, and place the ball of dough into  the bowl to rise, covered with plastic wrap. Let rise until more than  doubled, almost three hours. When the volume of the dough has approximately  doubled, you can proceed to the next step. Dough can be made ahead to this  point and then stored. If you wish postpone baking, gently push dough down,  and leave covered in the bowl to rise again. If delay will be more than  several hours, instead store dough in a plastic bag in the refrigerator  (for not more than five days). Bring out of the cold and take out of the  plastic bag at least an hour before you want to work with it.Lightly flour  your work surface and lightly oil a 12 by 18-inch baking sheet. Preheat  oven to 450 degrees. Turn dough out onto work surface and flatten with the  lightly floured palm of your hand. Pull and stretch the dough gently out  into the rectangular shape you need to fit your baking sheet. Take your  time and give the dough time to rest if it is resisting stretching. It will  need to get quite thin. When you have stretched the dough to approximately  the shape and size you need, transfer it to baking sheet and continue to  gently press and stretch it to fit. Dont worry if it tears, just patch the  hole with another piece of dough and press firmly to join the edges. If you  have extra dough hanging over the edge, trim it off and use it to make  another small pizza.  Dough should be of an even thinness across the flat  part of the baking sheet and should form a slight rounded rim as it meets  the edge (which is for many people the best part of the pizza).    Brush top of pizza with oil, then dimple the surface all over with your  fingers. Sprinkle on sea salt and then optional rosemary leaves. Place  baking sheet on the bottom rack of the preheated oven and bake until the  crust around the edge is slightly golden, 5 to 8 minutes, depending on how  thin the pizza is. Remove from oven, brush crusts lightly with olive oil  and also the center if you wish. Cut into large squares and serve warm or  hot. We have often made pizza bianca several hours ahead, then wrapped it  in a clean kitchen towel to keep it moist until we are ready to reheat it  for serving. To reheat, place in a dampened paper bag in a 300F oven for  about 10 minutes.  Yield: one large 12 by 18-inch pizza or two medium, or 3  or 4 small  Recipe By     : BAKERS DOZEN SHOW #BD1A29    Posted to EAT-L Digest  5 November 96    Date:    Wed, 6 Nov 1996 20:33:48 -0600    From:    Jackie Bordelon <jbord@PREMIER.NET>