Plain Old-Fashioned Sugar Cookies
granulated sugar, Double-acting baking powder, Eggs, All-Purpose Flour, Granulated sugar, Vanilla extract, milk, unsalted butter, salt, 
From:    Felicia Pickering <MNHAN063@SIVM.SI.EDU>    Date:    Mon, 22 Jul 1996 00:20:20 EDT  Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside.  In the  large bowl of an electric mixer cream the butter.  Add the vanilla and  sugar and beat well. Beat in the eggs one at a time and then add the milk.  On low speed gradually add the sifted dry ingredients, scraping the bowl as  necessary with a rubber spatula and beating only until thoroughly mixed.  Divide the dough in two and wrap each half separately in wax paper or  aluminum foil. Chill the dough in the refrigerator for 3 hours or longer if  you wish. (Chilling the dough in the freezer makes it too hard to roll.)    Adjust two racks to divide the oven into thirds and preheat to 400 F. Place  one piece of the dough on a lightly floured pastry cloth.  Turn it over to  flour all sides and form it into a ball.  With a floured rolling pin, roll  the dough to the desired thickness: For very large cookies roll to a  generous 1/4 inch. Cut the cookies as you wish. If you want very large  cookies, cut with a plain round 4-inch cookie cutter. With a wide metal  spatula transfer the cookies to unbuttered cookie sheets. If the cookies  are large and thick, place them 1 1/2 to 2 inches apart. They may be closer  if they are small and thin.    Sprinkle the tops of the cookies generously with granulated sugar.  Bake  until the cookies are lightly browned, reversing the position of the sheets  top to bottom and front to back as necesssary during baking to insure even  browning.  Large, thick cookies will need to bake for 10 to 12 minutes.  With a wide metal spatula transfer the cookies to racks to cool.    Recipe is from _Maida Heatters Book of Great Cookies_.    EAT-L Digest 21 July 96    From the EAT-L recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.