Pla Jian (Fish in Ginger Sauce) (Revised)
Kapi (shrimp paste), Kratiem (garlic), minced, Prikthai (ground black, MARINADE, Nam tan paep (palm sugar), Carrot, julienned, Fish sauce, Grated ginger, Sliced mushroom (preferably, Hom daeng (shallot/purple, Nam makham piag (tamarind, Minced pork (optional, see, Yellow bean sauce (up to 2), Vegetable stock, Light soy sauce, Prik chi fa daeng (red Thai, 
This is a slightly revised version of the recipe, which has been sent to  USENET previously.    This is another simple traditional treatment for fish: this time it is deep  fried.    The recipe includes some minced pork: this can easily be omitted. It is  included in this case only to reproduce the traditional taste, as in the  past this dish was deep fried in pork fat, which transferred the pork  flavour to the fish. Today it would more typically be fried in vegetable  oil, hence the small quantity of pork.    Equally traditionally this dish is deep fried in a wok: the tiny shallow  woks foisted on western buyers by name-brand suppliers are frankly border  line dangerous for this, so unless you have a traditional fairly deep wok,  preferably a 20" wok or larger, I would recommend that you follow the  dictates of caution and fry it in a deep sided skillet.    Note also that the dish is usually prepared with chicken stock. You can if  you wish use a fish stock, but the chicken stock adds to the complexity of  flavour in the dish.    Finally the fish is normally fried with the head on: this does, I believe,  contribute to the flavour, but if you cant bear the fish staring  accusingly at you as you cook it, feel free to behead it first.    You need a small-to-medium (about a pound in weight or a little larger)  flat fish (pomfret, flounder, ...), cleaned, and with the sides slashed for  the marinade to penetrate.    Method: Mix the marinade, and then in a small saucepan bring to a boil, and  simmer for about 5 minutes; taste, and if needed adhust the flavour  balance. Cool, and rub into both sides of the fish, and leave it to stand,  covered, in a cool place, in the marinade for at least an hour.    Remove the fish from the marinade, and allow it to drain. Transfer the  remaining marinade to a small saucepan, and add 2 tablespoons of fish  sauce, two tablespoons of sliced prik chi fa daeng, and two tablespoons of  julienned ginger, and then simmer to reduce to a sauce like consistency. If  desired one tablespoon of brandy may be added to the sauce (optional).    Heat enough oil to deep fry the fish in a suitable pan over medium heat,  and slide the fish into the hot oil, turn once, and cook until the fish is  cooked through.    In the oil the fish was fried in saute 2 tablespoons of shallots until  crispy, and then one tablespoon each of bai manglaek (sweet basil leaves)  and mint leaves, and use the fried shallots, mint and basil as a garnish.    Serving & Storage: Server on a platter: pour the reduced sauce over the  fish.  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #186    From: "Col. I.F. Khuntilanont-Philpott" <colonel@korat1.vu-korat.ac.th>    Date: Sat, 14 Dec 1996 11:00:27 +0700