Pizza with Stilton and Caramelized Onions
Garlic, Sugar, Baked; (12-inch in diameter), Fresh rosemary; minced, Butter, Olive oil; divided use, Sherry wine vinegar, Stilton cheese; crumbled, Dry white wine; divided use, Very large; (or 2 medium), 
Notes: From Orange County Registar    Advance preparation: Onions can be prepared up to 3 days in advance and  stored, airtight, in the refrigerator. Pizza crust can be cut into squares  or diamond shapes up to 3 days in advance and stored in zipper-style  plastic bags or containers. Assemble up to 2 hours before serving and store  at room temperature. Bake just before serving.    Cooks note: Instead of the baked pizza crust, you can use mini-pita bread,  such as the 3-inch variety sold at Trader Joes.    Preliminaries: Fifteen minutes before baking, adjust oven rack to middle  position and preheat oven to 350 degrees.    1. Combine 2 tablespoons olive oil and garlic in a small bowl; set aside.  Melt butter with 1 tablespoon oil in a large Dutch oven or skillet on  medium-high heat. Add onion, 3/4 cup wine, vinegar and sugar. Boil until  almost all liquid evaporates, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Add 1 cup  more wine, 1/2 cup at a time, boiling until liquid evaporates after each  addition. Add 1/2 cup wine, and cook until onions are brown and mixture is  syrupy, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.    2. Brush crust with garlic oil. Cut into squares or diamonds approximately  2 inches each. Arrange on large baking sheet. Divide onion mixture on top.  Top with crumbled cheese and rosemary.    3. Bake until cheese melts and crust is crispy, about 12 minutes. Serve.    Yield: 10 servings    Nutritional information (per serving): 199 calories, 9.6 grams fat, 3.7  grams saturated fat, 15 milligrams cholesterol, 350 milligrams sodium, 43  per cent calories from fat    Source: adapted from "Bon Appetit -- Entertaining With Style" from the  editors of Bon Appetit (Conde Nast, 1996, $27.50)    Posted to recipelu-digest by ncanty@juno.com (Nadia I Canty) on Mar 27,  1998