Pizzettas
Sugar, Polenta; Or, Extra Virgin Olive Oil;, Coarse Sea Salt, Pizza Dough:, Warm Water; (Abt 110 Deg F), Coarsely Ground Cornmeal, Additional water, Finely Chopped Rosemary; Or, Whole-wheat flour, Active dry yeast, All-purpose flour, 
*NOTE:  The original recipe used 2 T olive oil but I decreased it and added  the additional water which was not called for in the recipe.    To Make The Dough: In a glass measuring cup with a lip, combine the water  and the sugar and stir to mix. Sprinkle the yeast over the top and allow to  stand for 10 minutes until it has a frothy head. If no frothy head forms,  the yeast is bad and you will need to start again.    In the bowl of a food processor fitted with  the metal blade, combine the  all-purpose flour with the polenta, whole wheat flour, rosemary, olive oil,  and salt.  Process briefly just to blend.  With the motor running, pour the  yeast mixture steadily through the feed tube and process until the mixture  forms a rough ball on the central stem.  If the dough has not formed a ball  within 20 seconds, remove the cover and sprinkle a tablespoon (or more) of  water over the dough, then process again.  The dough should be processed  for a total time of about 45 seconds. Replace the feed tube cover so that  no air will get in (I also covered the food processor with a towel to  maintain the heat ... I had the air conditioner on all day so it was cool  in my house) and leave the dough in the processor to rise for 1 to 1 1/2  hours, or until it has doubled, puffed, and softened.    While the dough is rising, prepare any toppings you want to use.  I used  rehydrated porcini mushrooms, sauted sweet onions with poppy seeds and  toasted sesame seeds, sliced fresh Italian plum tomatoes, caponata, green  bell peppers, and capers.  I just matched whichever I wanted onto each of  the pizzas.    If you need to hold the dough for baking later...just form the individual  pizzas (without topping them)  and put them onto a refrigerator on nonstick  cookie sheets for up to 2 hours.  They do not need to be reheated when you  take them out of the refrigerator and put the topping on them.    Preheat the oven to 450 deg F on the middle shelf.  I put in my baking  stone.    Process the dough in the food processor again for 5 seconds, then turn it  out onto a lightly floured board.  Work the dought together to forinto 8 to  10 equal-sized balls. (I made 5 individual pizzas with the dough...as I  wanted them to be a bit large to hold the fillings I had chosen.)   Place  the dough balls on a lightly oiled large baking sheet, covered with a  slightly dampened towel, and allow to rest for 15 minutes.  Press each ball  out into a 3 inch round.  Put the toppings on and leave a 1/4-inch border  around the edge.    Bake for 10 - 12 minutes.    These were wonderful!!    Entered into MasterCook and tested for you by Reggie Dwork  <reggie@reggie.com>  Recipe By     : Polenta  by Brigit Legere Binns    Posted to Digest bread-bakers.v096.n048    Date: Fri, 11 Oct 1996 10:06:11 -0700    From: Reggie Dwork <reggie@reggie.com>    NOTES : Cal  282.4 Fat 4.8g    Carbs  51.8g    Fiber  1.6g    Pro  7.1g    Sod  379mg    CFF  15.6%    Nutr. Assoc. : 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3399 0 1582 4860