German Meatballs and Spaetzle
Whole Egg, Fine dry Breadcrumbs, milk, Fresh parsley, Salt, Poultry seasoning, Black pepper, SAUCE, Beef Broth, Mushroom Pieces, Onion, Sour cream, All-purpose flour, Caraway Seeds, SPAETZLE, All-purpose flour, Salt, Whole Eggs, milk, TOPPING, Fine Dry Breadcrumbs, Butter or Margarine, GERMAN MEATBALL, Ground beef, 
How about a little German tonight? Okay, Ill be right over. Just kidding,  thats a different list. As usual, The Cook and Kitchen Staff are talking  about good food and youre preparing it, in a most traditional manner, as  we continue to offer you some of the best one-dish meals from our "Creative  Casserole" collection.    Weve offered a variation of our typical ingredient listing in order for  you to readily visualize the preparation method. Thats our way of saying,  dont be intimidated by the simultaneous preparation of your meatballs,  sauce, and spaetzle. Try it; youll like it!    Begin with the German meatballs: Combine all ingredients in a large mixing  bowl and shape into about 24 (1 1/2-inch round) meatballs. Brown the  meatballs in a large skillet over medium heat, making sure to drain well as  you cook the meaty mixture. Add beef broth, mushrooms, and onion. Simmer,  covered, for about 30 minutes.    In a small mixing bowl, blend sour cream, flour, and caraway seed. Add to  the simmering broth and meatballs. Cook, stirring occasionally, for about 8  minutes, or until the sauce has thickened.    Meanwhile, prepare the spaetzle by sifting together the flour and salt in a  large mixing bowl. Add the eggs and milk and beat well. Place in a  coarse-sieved colander and sieve (pushing the batter through the holes of  the colander) directly over a rapidly boiling pot of lightly salted water.  Cook for about 5 minutes, drain.    Sprinkle spaetzle with a mixture of fine breadcrumbs and melted butter.    Place a large portion of the spaetzle on a serving platter and hollow out a  well in the center. Spoon meatballs and sauce in the center of the spaetzle  and serve warm.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 19, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.