Plantaion Peanut Butter Cake
Eggs, Baking Powder, Packed dark-brown sugar, Chopped unsalted dry-roasted, DECORATION, Granulated sugar, FLUFFY PEANUTBUTTER ICING, Vanilla extract, Dry-roasted peanut halves, Salt, Unsalted butter; softened, Melted semisweet chocolate, Unsalted butter; softened, Smooth peanut butter, (8-oz) cream cheese;, milk, Ground allspice, Vanilla extract, Unsifted cake flour, Smooth peanut butter, 
From: christi@lexis-nexis.com (Christi Wilson)    Date: Mon, 21 Aug 1995 17:19:46 GMT    From:  McCalls, May, 1995  Make cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 (9-in.) round cake pans.  Line bottoms with waxed paper; grease. Dust with flour; tap out excess. In  bowl, mix cake flour, baking powder, salt and allspice. Sift onto sheet of  waxedpaper.    In large bowl of electric mixer, at medium speed, beat butters until  smooth. Beat in sugars; beat 3 minutes or until fluffy. Beat in eggs, one  at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. At low speed,  beat in flour mixture (in fourths) alternately with milk (in thirds),  beginning and ending with flour mixture and beating just until blended.  Stir in 1/2 cup chopped peanuts; spread into pans.    Bake cake layers 25 to 30 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center  of each comes out clean; cool in pans on racks 10 minutes. Invert onto  racks; remove pans and paper. Invert layers again; cool completely.    Make icing: In large bowl, with mixer at medium-high speed, beat butter and  cream cheese until fluffy. Beat in peanut butter and vanilla. At low speed,  beat in confectioners sugar. Use to fill and frost cake.    Pat remaining chopped peanuts onto sides. Pipe 6 concentric chocolate rings  on top; with pick, pull icing toward edges of cake. Decorate with "flowers"  made with peanut petals. Pipe chocolate into center of each of the flowers  to hold petals together.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    /CAKES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.