Ginger Chicken Noodle Soup (Pho Ga)
Fish Sauce, Black Peppercorns, Mung Bean Sprouts, Rice Noodles, Salt, Chicken Broth, Shallots, Fresh Cilantro, Fresh Rau ram, Limes, Chicken, Water, Fresh Ginger, Onions, 
Rinse chicken, including heart, neck and giblets. (reserve liver for  another use). Place in a large pot. Add 2 quarts water, or enough to just  cover chicken, and bring to a boil over high heat.    As water is heating, scorch 1 piece of ginger and the onion pieces (see  note 1 below). Add scorched ginger and onions to soup.    Once water comes to a boil, skim off foam and reduce heat to low. Add 1  tablespoon fish sauce and peppercorns; simmer, partially covered, until the  chicken is cooked, 30 to 40 minutes.    Remove chicken from broth and set aside to cool; slightly. When cool enough  to handle, remove meat from the bones, shred coarsely and set aside;  discard bones, giblets, skin and fatty pieces.    Line a colander with a double layer of cheesecloth and strain into a bowl.  Let cool slightly, then refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. SKim fat  from the surface. (the soup can be prepared ahead to this point. Store the  broth and chicken in separate covered containers in the refrigerator for up  to 2 days. The broth can be frozen for up to 1 month.)    Shortly before serving, bring a large pot of water to a vigorous boil.  Place bean spouts in a sieve or colander and immerse in boiling water for  20 to 30 seconds. Rinse with cold water; set aside to drain. Bring water  back to a boil and drop in rice noodles. Cook just until softened but not  mushy, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Drain and rinse with cold water; set aside.    Scorch remaining piece of ginger, then coarsely chop. Place scorched ginger  and salt in a mortar and pestle or food processor and work into a paste.  Set aside.    Place homemade and canned broth in a pot and heat to simmering. Season with  additional fish sauce e, if desired.    Divide noodles among 4 large soup bowls. Distribute bean sprouts over  noodles; top with chicken and shallots. Ladle hot broth over; add a dollop  of the reserved ginger paste. Sprinkle with cilantro and rau ram (or mint).  Serve at once, with small plates of remaining shallots and herbs, a small  bowl of remaining ginger paste and lime wedges, so guests can adjust  flavorings as they wish.    NOTE 1 -- To scorch ginger and onion -- If you have a gas burner, use tongs  to hold ginger and onion pieces in the flame until charred. If you have an  electric burner, heat a dry heavy cast-iron skillet over high heat. Add  ginger and onion pieces and turn until blackened on all sides.    NOTES : Recipe by Jeffrey Alford & Naomi Duguid Nutritional info from  Eating Well Mag. 440 calories per serving; 34 grams protein, 8 grams fat (2  grams saturated fat), 56 grams carbohydrate; 340 mg sodium; 95 mg.  cholesterol; 1 gram fiber    Recipe by: Eating Well Mag. Jan/Feb 1997    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Irene DiGiuseppe <irene@bmd.clis.com> on Oct 31,  1998, 