Plum Custard Tart (Tvfn)
Pure vanilla extract, All-purpose flour, Salt, Recipe Walnut Pastry Dough, NUT PASTRY DOUGH, Cold butter; cut into pieces, Granulated sugar, Walnut oil, Cold water (up to 6), Red or purple plums; pitted, Walnuts; hazelnuts, almonds,, PLUM CUSTARD TART, Granulated sugar, All-purpose flour, Semolina or cornmeal, 1 percent milk, Egg, 
NUT PASTRY DOUGH: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spread nuts in a pie pan and  bake for 5 to 7 minutes, or until fragrant. Let cool.    In a food processor, combine nuts, flour, sugar and salt; process until  nuts are finely chopped.    Add butter and process until incorporated. Transfer to a large bowl.  Drizzle oil over flour mixture. Use your fingertips to rub oil into the  mixture. One tablespoon at a time, add water and mix with a fork until  dough is crumbly and holds together when pressed. Gently form dough    into a flattened disk. The dough will keep, tightly wrapped in plastic  wrap, in the refrigerator for up to 2 days or in the freezer for up to 6  months. Return dough to room temperature before rolling.  PLUM CUSTARD TART: Position oven racks in center and lower third of oven;  preheat to 425 degrees. Lightly oil an 11-inch tart pan with a removable  bottom or coat it with nonstick spray.    Arrange plums, cut side down, in a single layer on a baking sheet with  sides. Roast on the lower rack for 10 to 12 minutes, or until tender and  browned in spots, turning plums over halfway through cooking. Set aside to  cool. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees. Place 2 overlapping sheets of  plastic wrap on a work surface. Set dough in the center and cover with 2  more sheets of plastic wrap. Roll dough into a 13-inch circle. Remove top  sheets of plastic and invert dough into prepared pan, letting excess dough  hang over the edges. Gently press dough into bottom and sides of pan. Pull  off plastic wrap. To trim excess dough, run a rolling pin over the top edge  of the tart pan. Place pan on a baking sheet with sides. Sprinkle semolina  (or cornmeal) over crust. Arrange roasted plums skin side down, in a single  layer inside tart shell.    In a mixing bowl, whisk egg, sugar, flour and vanilla until smooth.  Gradually whisk in milk. Slowly pour custard over plums. Bake on the center  rack for 25 to 30 minutes, or until custard is set. To remove tart ring,  place bottom of tart pan on the top of a large can and carefully press down  on the edges until ring slides off. Transfer tart to a large platter to  cool. Just before serving dust with confectioners sugar. Serve slightly  warm or at room temperature.    Yield: 12 servings    Per Serving: 215 calories, 4 g protein, 7 g fat, 160mg sodium, 22mg  cholesterol    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n238 by "Tina D. Bell"  <tdbell@altair.csustan.edu> on Sep 19, 1997