Glazed Apple Pie Bars
PASTRY, All-purpose flour, Salt, Butter, Egg, milk, APPLE FILLING, Corn Flakes, Medium Tart Baking apples, Granulated sugar, Cinnamon, Ground nutmeg, Reserved Egg White, Granulated sugar, GLAZE, Vanilla extract, Milk, 
At the end of each month, The Cook & Kitchen Staff select some of the best  recipes sent to Recipe-a-Day during the month, and post them to the entire  membership. Todays offering is from Recipe-a-Day member Shirley H., and it  appears this cook also enjoys the feasts of the Fall harvest.    Shirley H. is most likely one of the most popular employees at her  workplace. She informed The Cook & Kitchen Staff that she took todays  recipe to work and that "It was just like apple pie... Everyone loved it!"  The Kitchen Staff had much the same reaction when we prepared todays  recipe with tart Granny Smith Apples.    Makes About 3 Dozen Bars    Pre-heat oven to 350-F degrees.    In medium-sized mixing bowl, combine flour and salt. Cut small pieces of  butter into the dry ingredients until a crumbly mixture forms. Separate egg  and reserve egg white. Add enough milk to the yolk to produce 2/3 cup  liquid and add to the pastry mixture. Stir into the mixture with a fork  until dough forms a ball. Divide the pastry dough in half.    On a lightly floured surface, roll half of dough into a 15-inch by 10-inch  rectangle. Place pastry on the bottom of a 15-inch by 10-inch jelly-roll  pan. Sprinkle with corn flakes and top with an even layer of sliced apples.    In small mixing bowl, combine 1 cup sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon, and  nutmeg. Evenly sprinkle the mixture over apples.    Roll out remaining half of pastry dough into a 15 1/2-inch by 10 1/2-inch  rectangle and place over apples.    Beat egg white with fork in a small mixing bowl until foamy. Brush egg  white over the top layer of pastry dough.    In a small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons sugar and remaining 1/2 teaspoon  cinnamon and sprinkle over pastry.    Bake for 45 to 60 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove to cool just  slightly before applying glaze.    In small mixing bowl combine confectioners (powdered) sugar, vanilla, and  enough milk for desired glaze consistency. Drizzle over warm bars. Slice to  serve.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 27, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.