Poblano Chilies with Black Beans and Cheese
(15-16 oz) black beans;, Thinly sliced onions, Cayenne pepper, Reduced-fat grated Monterey, olive oil, Tomato salsa, Poblano chilies, Fat free sour cream, 
>From Bon Appetit Sept 1997 (p 197)    Preheat broiler. Arrange chilies on a baking sheet and broil until charred  on all sides, turning occassionally -about 20 minutes. Enclose in paper bag  and let stand 10 min, to make skin easier to remove. Peel chilies. Cut one  lengthwise slit in each chili and carefully remove the seeds. Meanwhile  heat the oil in a large non-stick skillet over medium-low heat. Add onions  and saute until golden, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.  Spread onions evenly in 13x9x2 glass baking dish (this provides a bed to  keep the chilies from sticking and burning, along with adding flavor).  Preheat oven to 350F. Mash half the beans with the cayenne in a medium  bowl. Mix in remaining beans. Spoon mixture into chilies. Arrange chilies,  seam side down, atop the onions. Sprinkle with cheese. Cover with foil (can  be made 4 hours ahead and chilled at this point). Bake chilies, covered, 15  minutes. Uncover and bake another 5 minutes or so, until the cheese melts.  Serve with salsa and sour cream.    OK, I would probably skip the char and peel with the smaller chilies. And  just stuff them with cheese, or a mixture of cheese and cream cheese. I  would only make a small slit to do this, to avoid problems with losing the  filling. To get a crust without deep frying, I would dip them in beaten  egg, then roll them in crumbs. Flavoring the crumbs with a bit of cayenne  or using finely crushed tortilla chips instead of crumbs would be nice  touches. I probably wouldnt bother with the onion bed, but would grease  the pan well instead. And lay them in it slit side up to keep the cheese  filling in. And probably bake them uncovered (probably about the same 15-20  minutes), to keep the crumbs crisp and melt the filling. Spraying a bit of  margarine or oil on first would add a bit of extra crispy crunch. Posted to  EAT-L Digest  by Kim Malo <kmalo19@IDT.NET> on Aug 28, 1997