Poached Pears in Phyllo Dough with Madeira Zabaglione
Granulated sugar, Sweet Portuguese Madeira, Dried Habanero pepper, phyllo dough, Cloves, Dried cranberries, pears, Granulated sugar, Dry white wine, Cinnamon, egg yolks, unsalted butter, Water, 
Saw this on the Food Network. Leave the hab whole for a milder version,  dice for a hotter one...  CHEF DU JOUR, MICHAEL LOMONACO SHOW #DJ9135    Choose firm pears that still have their stems attached. Peel the skin off  with a vegetable peeler, being careful not to clip the stem, and cut a thin  slice off the bottom to create a flat surface so that the pears will stand  upright during poaching.    For the poaching liquid, combine the water, wine, pepper, sugar and spices  in a pot large enough to immerse the pears two-thirds of the way in the  liquid. Bring the liquid to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer 10 minutes.  Remove from the heat and add the pears, standing each in an upright  position. Return to a boil, then adjust the heat to so the liquid is  simmering. Simmer the pears gently for 10 to 12 minutes, or until just  tender when pierced by the tip of a knife. Remove the pears from the liquid  so that they do not continue to cook. When they have cooled completely,  core the pears from the bottom. Dry any excess liquid off the pears.    Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. To prepare the pastry, allow 3 sheets  phyllo per pears. Brush    each of the 3 sheets with the melted bitter, layering them one atop the  next. Place 1 pear in the center of the pastry square, pull the four  corners up towards the top, and pinch the corners around the stem, leaving  as much of the stem exposed as possible. If there is too much phyllo at the  top, trim some off before pinching the pastry closed. Brush additional  butter over the outside of the phyllo. Bake the pears for 20 minutes, or  until the dough is golden brown. Cool for several minutes.    While the pears are baking, make the Zabaglione by combining the sugar, egg  yolks, and Madeira in the top of a non-aluminum double boiler or  bain-marie. Place over hot water, and whisk the ingredients to a light,  frothy, golden yellow, and cook until the bottom scrapes clean with each  stroke. The yolks should be firm but not scrambles.    Divide the warm Zabaglione among 4 dessert plates. Place a pear on each,  and garnish with the cherries or cranberries.    Yield: 4 servings    Copyright, 1997, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P.  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #229 by =Mark <mstevens@exit109.com> on Feb  2, 1997.