Poblano Chiles Rellenos with Lobster, Avocado, and Pepitas O
Poblano chiles, Bay leaf, butter, Spanish vinegar, pepitas, orange, Champagne vinegar, Cream, Heavy cream, shallots, shallots, black pepper, Butter, BUTTER SAUCE, lobster tails, salt and pepper, cilantro, 
Full Title: Poblano Chiles Rellenos with Lobster, Avocado, and Pepitas Over  Citrus Butter    1. In a saute pan, heat butter until slightly foamy. Add the shallots and  then the lobster. Turn the meat from time to time until it is cooked  through. Season lightly, add the vinegar, and reduce for 30 seconds. Add  the cream, stir, and then, using a slotted spoon, remove the lobster to a  plate. 2. Reduce the cream until thick and strain it into a bowl. 3. Put  the nuts into a food processor and pulse twice. Now add the lobster and  pulse twice. Add the cilantro and pulse. Now, with the machine running,  quickly add the strained cream. Turn machine off, scrape this mixture into  a bowl, and chill. (It is important not to overprocess the mixture. If need  be, scrape the processed lobster mixture into a bowl and then stir in the  cream, entirely omitting processing the cream.) 4. When the mix is cold,  add the diced avocado and gently mix. Season to taste. (The poblano is  somewhat spicy, so remember, when you are seasoning the lobster stuffing  mixture, to allow for the heat that the chile will bring to the final  dish.) 5. Carefully slit open the peppers and cut out the area under the  stem that holds the majority of the seeds. Try to keep the chile from  ripping. Stuff the poblanos with the lobster mixture and chill. 6. Prepare  the sauce: In a small, heavy saucepan reduce orange juice, vinegar,  shallots, bay leaf, and black pepper until almost evaporated. Add the cream  and reduce to 1/2 to 3/4 cup and then gradually whisk in the pieces of  butter until incorporated. Strain sauce through a fine-mesh strainer into a  pot or bowl and keep in a warm place. 7. Put the stuffed poblanos on a  lightly oiled baking sheet and heat them through in a preheated 350-degree  oven. This should take 10 minutes or less. 8. Spoon the warm sauce onto  warm plates and top with the poblanos. Serve.    This is a full-flavored dish, with complex combinations of hot, sweet.  tart, and rich. A fairly full-bodied white with some tart acidity, such as  a Gavi dei Gavi or Alsace Gewurtztraminer would be appropriate.    Recipe from: Feast of Sunlight by Norman Van Aken The Harvard Common Press  Copyright =A91997  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #363 by Judy Howle <howle@ebicom.net> on  Jun 22, 1995