Polenta Lasagna
Sweet red or green pepper;, Fresh spinach; trimmed, Garlic, Canned tomatoes, Salt, Mushrooms, Mozzarella cheese; shredded, Onions, Water, Salt and pepper, Lean ground beef, Fresh parsley; minced, Tomato sauce, Hot pepper flakes, Cornmeal, olive oil, 
In large saucepan, bring water and salt to boil over high heat; gradually  pour in cornmeal, stirring constantly. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring  frequently, for 10 to 15 minutes or until smooth and thickened enough to  mound on spoon. Transfer to greased 13- x 9-inch baking dish; smooth top  and set aside to set. (Recipe can be prepared to this point and  refrigerated, covered, for up to 2 days.)    Meanwhile, in large heavy saucepan or Dutch oven, heat half of the oil over  high heat; cook beef, stirring, for 5 minutes or until no longer pink.  Remove and set aside. Drain off fat in pan. Reduce heat to medium and add  remaining oil; cook onions, garlic,mushrooms and red pepper until  softened,about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, crushing lightly with fork. Stir in  tomato sauce, meat and hot pepper flakes; bring to boil. Reduce heat and  simmer, uncovered, until thickened, about 55 minutes. Add parsley; season  with salt and pepper to taste. (Sauce can be cooled, covered and  refrigerated for up to 2 days, or frozen for up to 2 months. Thaw before  continuing.)    Meanwhile, rinse spinach; shake off excess water. With just the water  clinging to leaves, cook spinach for 4 minutes. Drain and squeeze out as  much moisture as possible; chop and set aside. Turn polenta out onto  chopping board; with long knife, cut horizontally into 2 layers. (Dont  worry if polenta breaks.) Spread about 1 cup of the sauce in same baking  dish; cover with 1 layer of the polenta. Add half of the spinach, sauce and  cheese. Repeat with remaining polenta, spinach, sauce and cheese. (Recipe  can be prepared to this point, cooled, covered and refrigerated for up to 2  days or frozen for up to 2 months. Thaw before continuing.) Bake in 375F  oven for about 50 minutes or until crusty and bubbling. Makes 8 to 10  servings.    Recipe by: Canadian Living "One-Dish Meals"    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Bob & Carole Walberg <walbergr@MB.SYMPATICO.CA>  on Jan 3, 1998