Polenta Corn Cakes with Wild Mushroom Pan Roast
Ears corn husked; cleaned of, Unsalted butter; plus one, Unsalted butter, POLENTA, GARNISH, Roquefort or other blue, Finely ground cornmeal, MUSHROOMS, Wild Mushrooms; Sliced, Or, Dried Mushrooms; Sliced,, Fresh thyme; coarsely, Whole Milk, Walnuts or pecans; toasted 4, Shallots; chopped, Salt, Chicken stock or vegetable, 
Roast or broil the ears of corn until lightly browned. Allow to cool, then  cut the corn off the cob. Combine the milk and cornmeal in a saucepan. Add  the 2 tablespoons butter and the corn kernels and bring quickly to a boil.  Reduce the heat and simmer a full 20 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon  to keep the mixture from sticking or burning. If the polenta becomes too  thick before the 20 minutes is up, stir in several tablespoons of cold  water to loosen it, and continue cooking. At the end of 20 minutes the  mixture should be fairly thick. Fold in the cheese and stir until melted.  Remove from the heat and pour into a buttered 8 by 8-inch cake pan. Using a  spatula, spread the polenta into a thick even layer. Cool and refrigerate 2  to 3 hours before unmolding and cutting into triangles or 2-inch squares.  (Uncut polenta can be covered with plastic wrap and stored in the  refrigerator up to 2 days.)    To prepare the mushrooms, heat the 1 tablespoon butter in a saute pan, add  the mushrooms and shallots, and cook 5 to 6 minutes, until the mushrooms  begin to brown. Add the chicken stock or vegetable stock and cook until the  liquid is reduced by half. Remove from the heat and add the chopped thyme  and salt and pepper.    Just before serving, place the cut polenta on a cookie sheet in a preheated  350 oven for 10 to 15 minutes to warm, then, if necessary, brown it under a  broiler 2 minutes more. To serve, place two pieces of polenta on each plate  and spoon some of the mushroom pan roast over them. Garnish with toasted  walnuts or pecans.    Notes: Recipe reprinted by Permission from The 21 Cookbook" Copyright c.  Michael Lomonaco 1995, published by Doubleday    Recipe by: SHOW #TGSP96    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #921 by Sue <suechef@sover.net> on Nov 23,  1997