Polenta Lasagna with Escarole and Cheese
Olive oil; light (1 to 2), Hazelnuts; dry-roasted,, Fat-free ricotta cheese; (8, Prepared polenta; (1.5 lb, Red and green bell peppers;, Escarole; chopped, Caesar salad, Water, Salt; or, No-salt-added chopped, Fresh Lemon Juice, Parmesan cheese, Fat-free mozzarella cheese;, Yellow cornmeal, Chopped fresh basil, Chopped fresh tarragon; or, Black Pepper, Onion; diced, Egg, Garlic, 
The idea: Slice prepared and chilled polenta into "lasagna noodles" and  bake with a tomato sauce, escarole, and hazelnut filling and three cheeses.    Polenta ... prepare a narrow loaf pan (8 or 9 inches long) with cooking  spray. Bring water, cornmeal and salt to boil in a heavy large saucepan,  whisking constantly. Reduce heat to medium-low; whisk until mixture is very  thick, about 5 minutes. Transfer to loaf pan and smooth the top. Cover;  chill until firm (at least 3 hours or overnight). TIP - whisking makes it  creamy.    Filling ... Heat oil in large skillet. Saute over medium heat, the onion,  garlic, and bell peppers; about 5 minutes; add more oil to keep this  mixture moist. Season with salt and pepper. Add escarole and saute to wilt  (2 to 3 minutes); to longer. Push the saute to the edge of the pan, making  a well; add the tomatoes, nuts, herbs and pepper. Reduce the heat. Do NOT  stir to combine; not yet.    15 Noodles ... Remove polenta loaf from the pan and slice into long strips  resembling lasagna noodles. If using chub, cut first four slices to square  up the chub, then cut the rest.    Cheese ... Grate the mozzarella and set aside. Whip the egg with the  ricotta until fluffy. Whip in the parmasan and the lemon juice. TIP --  baked, sliced fat-free mozzarella will be chewy. So we take the time to  grate it. Freeze it first.    Set oven to 400F/200C degrees. Spray a 15 x 9 x 2 inch cake or ovenproof  pan. Spread about 1/2 cup of the tomato mixture from the center of the  skillet in the pan. Now stir the tomato and vegetable mixtures to combine.    Layer 5 noodles in the pan. Top with half the sauce. Dab with half the  ricotta. Repeat; top with 5 noodles and the mozzarella. Sprinkle a little  parmesan on top (optional). Bake 35 to 40 minutes uncovered. Remove from  the oven. Let stand before cutting.    Serve with a simple salad; recommend a low-fat Caesar.    Yields 8 servings at 275 cals, 9.5 g fat, 33 mg chol, (31% cff) 635 sodium.    CooksNotes ... This is my version of the recipe on page 63. The Caesar was  the right choice. Also; we served 2 portions, froze half, and cut the  remainder into 3 lunch portions reheating in the Microwave. (patH  <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> formatted for McRecipe List 1/23/97) Reissued  5/1/98.    Recipe by: Bon Appetit January 1997 / Two4lite.mcf 1996    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Kitpath <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Jun 01,  1998