Polenta with Pumpkin and Kale
Ground cumin, Pumpkin, (4 oz) shredded no-fat swiss, Garlic, Tomatoes, undrained and, (or spinach), Pepper, Onions, Basic polenta (see below), Salt, Cooking spray, Minced fresh jalapeno, Loosely packed chopped kale, Water, Mushrooms, 16 oz can mashed cooked, 14 5 oz can (no salt added), Ground cinnamon, Chopped, Cheese (totally optional), 
Heat a large Dutch oven, non-stick or sprayed with Pam.  Add onions and  push around to brown a little. Add a few Tbsp water and stir to unstick  from bottom. Add Chopped Kale or spinach and stir about 5 minutes until all  is wilted and onions are translucent. Add more water as needed to prevent  burning.    Add jalapeno,  cumin, cinnamon and garlic, saute 3 minutes. Stir in  mushrooms, cover and cook 5 minutes, Stir in tomatoes, cover and cook 5  minutes, Add salt, pepper and mashed pumpkin and stir well. Cook uncovered  3 minutes, stirring well. Remove from heat.    Prepare basic Polenta, spread half in 11x7x2 inch baking dish coated with  non-stick spray.  Spread pumpkin mixture evenly over polenta. Sprinkle with  Swiss cheese (optional)   Spread remaining polenta evenly over. Bake at 375  F for 30 minutes or until lightly browned.. Let stand 5 minutes before  serving. Yeild 6 servings.    Basic Polenta:    1 1/4 cups cornmeal 1/2 teaspoon salt 4 cups water    1. Place cornmeal and salt in large saucepan. Gradually add water, stirring  constantly with a wire wisk.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium, cook  uncovered 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Yeild 4 cups.    2.  Microwave method: Place cornmeal and salt in a 3 quart microwave  cassarole.  Gradually add water, stirring until blended. Cover, microwave  on HIGH 12 minutes, stirring every 3 minutes. Let stand covered 5 minutes.    I made this two times, the first time I couldnt find kale in the  particular grocery store that I went to so I used spinach. I used the  microwave method for polenta since I tend to scorch things and it worked  great.  The first 2 times I stirred I wasnt sure it was going to thicken  by the time it finished it was perfect and it sure is easy to just set the  timer for 3 minutes and stir when it beeps. The non-fat cheese is totally  optional, in fact I shredded it then forgot to put it in the first time .  In is fine without cheese, but the cheese tasted good on the microwaved  leftovers too.  (The only edible non-fat cheese Ive found is called  Lifetime brand and they dont sell it in every store here). The effect is  rather like lasagna but different.    From:    maoh@phyast.nhn.uoknor.edu (Maureen OHalloran) Fatfree Digest  [Volume 1 Issue 1] June 22, 1994 Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV    : From Cooking Light magazine (Jan/Feb 1994):    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/fatfreex.zip