Gluten-Free Bread
Non-Stick Cooking Spray and, Granulated sugar, Warm Water; (110-F degrees), Dry yeast, Water, Minute Tapioca, Whole Bean Flour, Cornstarch, Gluten-free Baking Powder, Salt, Poppy Seeds, 
The Cook and Kitchen Staff do not typically venture into the land of  specialty diets very often -- we usually leave that to the experts!  However, we thought wed be a bit irresponsible if we didnt offer at least  one recipe from Our Daily Bread collection that is gluten-free.    Thousands of people world-wide are allergic to gluten in food and have  found that their health and fitness improve dramatically when they avoid  foods containing gluten from wheat, oats, rye, and barley.    So whats a gluten? Its basically the stuff that makes bread sticky, and  it predominately comes from the grain chaff contained in most flours.  Specifically, its a generic term for the water-insoluble proteins found in  all cereal grains. Only glutens found in wheat, rye, oats, and barley are  known to damage the intestine of those with celiac disease, the most common  manifestation of a gluten-base allergy, and it tends to run in the family.    Pre-heat oven to 400-F degrees. Spray a standard loaf pan with non-stick  cooking spray and coat inside with cornmeal. Reserve.    In a small bowl, dissolve the sugar in warm water. Sprinkle yeast over top  and set aside to proof. Stir well.    In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup water and tapioca. Bring to a boil and  cook for 1 to 2 minutes, until thickened and clear.    In a large mixing bowl, sift together bean flour, cornstarch, baking  powder, and salt. Whisk together the tapioca and raised yeast. Stir mixture  into dry ingredients. Beat until smooth and set aside for 10 minutes.    Knead until soft, about 10 minutes, and turn into prepared loaf pan.  Sprinkle with poppy seeds and bake for about 45 minutes or until the loaf  is golden and produces a hollow sound when tapped. Remove loaf from pan and  cool on a wire rack. May freeze in an air-tight container for 30 days.  Slice to serve.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 13, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.