Pocket Pita Bread
Active dry yeast, Non diastolic malt syrup, Salt, FLAVORING PURPOSES ONLY, Whole wheat flour, Water, Warm water, Honey, OPTIONAL FOR, Sesame oil, 
Here in the southwest, I am fortunate to get tortillas from "factories"  where they are handmade and hot when you buy them. They are more flavorful,  pliable and thinner than the supermarket variety. If you cant get good  tortillas, the chicken and salsa will taste wonderful in good, homemade  pita bread. If youve never made pita, it is fairly uncomplicated. Not all  will puff to form a "pocket", but they will taste wonderful nevertheless.  These are sturdier than the white, supermarket kind and the whole wheat  flour gives them a tempting nut-like flavor.    from a cooking class, but taken from Laurels Kitchen Bread Cook Book    Dissolve the yeast in warm water. Mix the flour and the salt and make a  well in the center. If you are using the sweeteners and oil, stir them into  the 2 1/2 cups water; pour the liquids and yeast mixture into the well in  the flour, and stir from the center outward, making a smooth batter. Fold  in the rest of the flour and mix thoroughly. Check to see whether the dough  requires more water or flour, and add what is needed to make a soft dough.  Knead very well. Form the dough into a ball and place it smooth side up in  the bowl. Cover and keep in warm, draft free place. After about an hour and  a half, gently poke the center of the dough about 1/2 inch deep with a wet  finger. If the hole doesnt fill in at all or if the dough sighs, it is  ready for the next step. Press flat, form into a smooth round, and let the  dough rise once more as before. The second rising will take about half as  much time as the first. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees when the second  rising time is nearly finished. Turn out the risen dough and press flat on  the board. Divide it into 20-24 pieces and shape them into smooth rounds.  Let the rounds rest about ten minutes. Protect from drafts to keep the  surface of the dough from drying out (I cover with plastic wrap to keep  moist). Use as much flour on the board as needed to keep dough from  sticking. Roll several rolls into flat circles about as thick as a wool  blanket and about 6 inches across. If they are too thick, they will make  nice buns, but wont puff; if they are too thin or if you are too rough  with the rolling pin, they will puff in places, but will not balloon up.  Put the rolled breads on a cookie sheet and place in oven. Continue to roll  out dough, but check those in the oven after 3 minutes. They should be  puffed and may be slightly brown. Remove one and open to see if the insides  are done. It should look moist, but shouldnt be shiny wet. Bake more if  need be. Do not let them get crisp as they will break when you fill them.  The steam inside bakes them extremely fast and they will stay soft and  flexible when cool.  Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by ehgf@primenet.com (Ellen) on May 26, 1998