Polish Pierogies
Smoked yeast, ACCOMPANIMENTS, White flour, Firm silken tofu, Caraway seeds, Finely diced onions, Corn oil, Black pepper, Cider vinegar, Garbanzo flour, Vegan sour cream, Water, Finely diced red onions, Sea salt, Finely diced cabbage, POTATO FILLING, Canola oil, Warm liquid lecithin, Whole wheat flour, CABBAGE GARBANZO FILLING, Hot water, Potatoes, peeled & diced, Garlic, Smoked yeast (optional), Sea salt, Black pepper, SHELL, Firm silken tofu, 
Warm lecithin by placing the bottle in simmering water on the stove till  lecithin is runny.  Stir into the flours & salt & set aside.    Blend the vinegar, tofu & water till smooth.  Combine with the flours  handling till the dough has a medium stiff consistency. Roll out dough on a  floured board forming a 21" x 6" rectangle 3/16" thick. Cut into 8 equal  pieces about 3" x 3" each.  (Rolling the dough a littel thinner may yield  another 3 pieces).  Place about 1 1/2 tb filling on each piece. Wet the  edges of the dough. Stretch one corner of the dough to meet the opposite  corner, forming a triangle & press together, sealing the pierogi.    Bring water to a simmer in a large pot.  Drop each pierogi carefully into  the water & cook in the simmering water till the pierogi rises to the  surface. Remove & drain. They can be sealed in a plastic wrap & kept in the  fridge or frozen at this point.    To serve the pierogi, saute in oil until lightly browned. Serve with vegan  sour cream.    POTATO FILLING: Cook potatoes till soft.  Drain & mash immediately until  they are smooth.  This should yield 4 c packed potatoes. Add yeast, salt &  pepper & mix well.    Saute onions in oil till translucent.  Blend tofu till smooth. Stir onions  & tofu into the potato mixture. This filing should keep refrigerated for a  week.    CABBAGE GARBANZO FILLING: Heat oil in a large skillet. Add cabbage, onions  & seasonings.  Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add water & flour &  cook till thickened. If necessary, add more flour a tb at a time. This  filling should keep in the fridge for a week.    Brother Ron Pickarski, "Friendly Foods"    