Polenta with Roasted Vegetable Ragu
Zucchini, ROASTED VEGETABLE RAGU, Green bell pepper, Salt and pepper, Leek, Water, Eggplant, tomatoes, Dry white wine, Grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and ground white pepper, Marjoram, Turnip, Fresh mushrooms, white, POLENTA, Oregano, Butternut squash, olive oil, Fresh herbs, HERBS, polenta, Unsalted butter, Vegetable broth, Thyme, 
To roast the vegetables for the ragu, preheat an oven to 450F (230C). Put  the butternut squash in a baking pan and place in the center of the oven.  Bake, uncovered, until soft but not mushy when pierced, about 1 hour.  About 40 minutes before that squash is ready, place all the other  vegetables in a large baking pan keeping each vegetable separate, and cover  with aluminum foil. Place the second baking pan in the oven and bake for  15-20 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until tender when pierced with  a fork, 20-25 minutes longer. Remove all the vegetables from the oven and  let cool.  Peel the butternut squash. Cut the squash; turnip, parsnip or rutabaga;  zucchini; eggplant; bell pepper; and tomatoes into 1 inch dice. Thinly  slice the leek crosswise, and quarter the mushrooms. Keep the vegetables  separate.  To make the ragu, in a saucepan over medium heat, warm the olive oil. Add  the turnip, parsnip or rutabaga and leek and saute for 1 minute. Raise the  heat to high and add the zucchini, eggplant, bell pepper and mushrooms and  saute for 2 minutes. Add the squash and saute for 1 minute. Add the  tomatoes and saute for 1 minute longer.  Add the broth and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and  simmer until the flavors are blended, 2-3 minutes. Add the wine and simmer  for 1 minute longer. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Keep warm.  To make the polenta, in a deep saucepan over high heat, bring that water  and butter to a boil. Slowly pour in the polenta while stirring  continuously with a whisk. Allow the mixture to bubble, whisking  constantly, Cook 1-2 minutes as it thickens. Reduce the heat to low and  continue to simmer, whisking constantly to prevent burning and lumps from  forming, until the polenta grains swell and are tender like porridge, about  5 minutes for quick-cooking polenta and 20 minutes for regular polenta or  according to package directions. During the last few minutes of cooking,  stir in the herbs and cheese and season to taste with salt and white  pepper.  To serve:  Ladle the polenta onto warmed individual plates. Make a well in  the center of each serving, ladle the ragu over the top. Serves 4 to 6.  Mary Beth Clark (1995). Trattoria:  Best of Casual Italian Cooking. Sunset  Books, CA.  Part of a series: Casual Cuisines of the World. [Mastercook 16  Oc 96: Submitted by PATh: 500 cals/20 g fat]  Recipe By     : Mary Beth Clark: Trattoria (1995)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #249    Date: Thu, 17 Oct 1996 09:29:47 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>    NOTES : Polenta con ragu di verdure arrostite:  You could cook the polenta,  spread it on a baking sheet to a 1/2-inch thickness and let cool until set.  Then cut into 3-inch squares, bake, broil, or fry until heated through and  serve as a side dish or with any savory topping.