Pollo En Escabeche Oriental (Shredded Chicken Yucatan)
Salt, Garlic, Peppercorns, Habanero chile; seeds, Water, Salt, Vinegar, Ground oregano, Serrano chiles; seeds, Heads garlic, Chicken legs and thighs, Flour tortillas, Ground oregano, Xcatic chile (see note 2), Red onions, Bitter oranges; juice of, 
garhow@hpubmaa.esr.hp.com    Pollo En Escabeche Oriental (Shredded Chicken Yucatan)    Recipe By: Chile Pepper Magazine - Oct. 1992    NOTE #1: or mix 1 cup lime juice with 1/2 cup orange juice.    NOTE #2: or substitute yellow wax hot    Place the peppercorns, oregano, and salt in a spice or coffee grinder and  grind to a powder. Combine this powder with the garlic and vinegar and make  a paste. Set aside.    Roast one of the onions and both heads of garlic in a 350-degree oven for       20    minutes. Let cool.    Peel the remaining onion, slice it into rings, and marinate it in the  bitter orange juice.    Place the chicken in a stockpot with water to cover, salt and oregano, and  simmer until the chicken is tender, about 30 minutes.    Drain the chicken, reserving the broth, and transfer it to an oven-proof  dish. Add the peppercorn paste and 2 tablespoons of the bitter orange  juice, and bake uncovered at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 30  minutes.    Peel the roasted onions and garlic and combine them with the resreved  chicken stock. add the chiles and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the marinated  onion, bring to a boil, and remove from the heat immediately.    Drain the broth and reserve both the broth and the chiles and onions.  Separate the chiles from the onion and coarsely chop them.    Skin the chicken and shred the meat from the bones. Add the chopped chiles  and the onion to the chicken and mix well. Reduce the stock by boiling to 1  1/2 cups and add it to the chicken mixture until the mixture is moist but  not soupy.    Serve the chicken with Salsa Xcatic and Salsa de Aguacate (see recipes) on  the side.    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.