Pollo En Adobo (Chicken in Red Chili and Tomato Sauce)
Coriander seeds; ground, Salt, Dried ancho chilies, chicken stock, Onions, Sugar, , Tomatoes, Lard, Ground cinnamon, Ground cloves, Chicken, Garlic, White vinegar, Black pepper, SAUCE:, 
Under cold running water, pull the stems off the chilies, break them in  half, and brush out the seeds.  With a small knife, cut away any large  ribs.  Tear the chilies into small pieces, pour 1 cup of boiling stock over  them and let them soak for 30 minutes.    Pour the chilies and the stock into the jar of a blender and puree at high  speed for about 15 seconds.  Add the onions, tomatoes, garlic, vinegar,  sugar, coriander, cinnamon, cloves, salt and black pepper, and blend for 30  seconds, or until the mixture is reduced to a thick puree.    (To make the sauce by hand, puree the chilies, onion, tomatoes and  garlic--a cup or so at a time--in a food mill set over a bowl.  Then stir  in the vinegar, sugar, coriander, cinnamon, cloves, salt and black pepper.)    In a heavy 8 inch skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the lard over moderate  heat.  Add the puree and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 5  minutes.  Remove from the heat; cover the skillet to keep the sauce warm.      Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (F).  Pat the chicken pieces dry with  paper towels (they will not brown well if they are damp).  In a heavy 10 to  12 inch skillet melt the remaining 3 tablespoons of lard over moderate heat  until a light haze forms above it.  Brown the chicken a few pieces at a  time, starting them skin side down and turning them with tongs. As the  pieces turn a rich golden brown, place them in a 3 quart heatproof  casserole.  Pour the chili sauce into the casserole and turn the chicken  about in it until the pieces are thoroughly coated with the sauce. Cover  the casserole tightly and bake undisturbed, in the middle of the oven for  45 minutes.  Then remove the cover and bake 15 minutes longer, basting the  chicken every not and then with its sauce. serve directly from the  casserole or arrange the chicken attractively on a serving platter and pour  the sauce over it.  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V3 #158    Date: Thu, 14 Nov 1996 01:47:01 +1000 (EST)    From: "I. Chaudhary" <imranc@onthenet.com.au>