Polish Potato Pierogi
Butter, Cream cheese, Cold water, Potatoes, Egg yolk, salt and pepper, DOUGH, Flour, Eggs, Salt, 
Peel and boil potatoes until soft. While potatoes are still hot, add  remaining ingredients for filling while mashing potatoes. Blend well.  Allow filling to cool. Place flour, salt and eggs into large bowl.  While adding water, beat with electric mixer. Add enough water to  make dough soft and workable for kneading. You can always add more  flour if dough is too soft. After dough is mixed well by electric  mixer or doughmaker, place dough on well floured board and knead  until it does not stick to board or fingers. Cut off a handful of  dough and cover remaining dough with linen towel. Roll out small ball  of dough into a circle. Dough will tend to "snap back" when rolled  out, so it takes much rolling with the rolling pin. When finally  rolled to approximately 1/8 inch thickness, cut out circles from  dough using a round cookie cutter, glass or cup rim. Circle should be  approximately 3 inches in diameter. Dough scraps may be re-rolled.  Take a circle of dough, stretching it slightly and place it into the  palm of your hand. With your dominant other hand, place a large  tablespoon of filling into the center of the circle. Be careful not  to touch edge of circle of dough with filling; the edges will then  not stick together well and may open when being boiled. After the  filling is in the center of the dough circle, fold the dough in half,  covering the filling and making a half circle. Press the 2 edges of  dough together with the tips of your forefinger and thumb. Go back  again and seal again with your thumb nail.    Boil water in a large pot. When water is boiling, drop in 5 to 7  pierogi and use a wooden spoon to make sure that none are stuck to  the pot or to each other. Do not boil a large mount of pierogi at the  same time. Boil for 7 minutes. Pierogi should be floating on top of  water after 7 minutes. Remove pierogi, one at a time, with a slotted  spoon and layer them in a serving or casserole dish, pouring melted  butter between layers. Boiling water may continue to be reused unless  a pierogi breaks open during boiling, then making the water too  cloudy with potatoes. Continue process of filling and cutting out  dough, filling and boiling until all dough and filling is used.  Leftover dough may be rolled out, cut into squares, boiled, cooled,  and then fried in butter until crispy (called PLOTSKIS).    IMPLEMENTATION: Serve immediately with melted butter and a side dish  of sour cream and, or onions sauteed in butter. Or, refrigerate boiled  pierogi. Then, when cool, fry until golden brown in butter. Again  serve with melted butter and a side dish of either sour cream, onions  sauteed in butter, or grape jelly. Salt to taste. Pierogi may be  frozen, separated on cookie sheets, before boiling. When frozen  solid, they may be grouped into bags or containers for further  freezing. DO NOT DEFROST. Place frozen pierogi immediately into  boiling water, but instead of boiling for only 7 minutes, boil 10 to  12 minutes. Boiled pierogi will stay fresh refrigerated for 7 to 10  days.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mmkah001.zip