Polenta with Vegetable Ragout
Stock or water, Salt and pepper, Dried rosemary; crushed, FOR THE SAUCE, Chopped fresh parsley, Cornmeal, Tomatoes; chopped, Diced yellow onions, Salt, Sliced asparagus; 1" lengths, Grated Parmesan cheese, Zucchini; sliced in 1/2", Garlic, Goat cheese for garnish, Cold water or vegetable, FOR THE POLENTA, Mushrooms, 
Bring water to a boil in a medium-size saucepan and  add the rosemary and salt.  Reduce the heat to a  simmer and slowly add cornmeal, whisking constantly.  Cook over low heat, still stirring, until mixture is  thick, about 10 minutes.  Remove from heat and stir in  the Parmesan until melted. If you are planning to the  polenta in a soft state, you can keep it mushy by  adding water and occasionally stirring until the sauce  is ready.  If you plan to bake it pour the polenta  into a lightly oiled shallow baking dish, smooth top  and let cool for 1 hour, or up to 24 hours. When you  are ready to bake the o=polents, remove from  refrigerator, run a knife around the inside of the pan  and turn on a flat surface.  Cut into squares and  place on a lightly oiled baking sheet.  Bake at 350  degrees F for about 15 minutes or until the tops  begins to brown lightly. For the sauce: Bring a cup of  vegetable stock to a simmer in a saucepan. Add the  onions and cook, covered, until they are transparent,  about 15 minutes.  Add zucchini, asparagus, and  mushrooms and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes.  Add  the tomatoes, parsley, garlic and salt and pepper to  taste.  Cook another 5 minutes, Sppon mixture over  bowl of soft polenta or 2 squares of baked polenta.  Garnish with goat cheese and serve at once.    Nutritional info per serving:  238 cal; 13g pro, 38g  carb, 6g fat(20%) Exchanges: 2.7 vegetable, 1.6 bread,       .9    meat, .2 fat    Source:  The Complete Vegetarian, Miami Herald, 1/18/96  format by Lisa Crawford  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #240    Date: 03 Sep 96 00:12:44 EDT    From: "Lisabeth Crawford (Pooh)" <104105.1416@CompuServe.COM>