Pollo En Pipian Rojo
STEP 5, Lard, Clove garlic; peeled, Avocado leaf; fresh or, Cloves garlic; peeled, Chicken; 3-1/2 to 4 pounds, Cloves, Salt, Hot water, Ground seeds and spices, STEP 1, Sesame seeds, Onion; sliced, Bay leaf, Reserved chicken broth, Chicken giblets, STEP 2, Soaked chiles, Reserved broth, Water to cover, Sprig parsley, Thyme, Chiles Anchos, STEP 4, STEP 6, Chile seeds (or more to, Peppercorns, STEP 3, Stick cinnamon, 
From "The Cuisines of Mexico" by Diana Kennedy    STEP 1: Put the chicken, giblets, and the rest of the ingredients into the  pan, cover with water, and bring to a boil.  Lower the flame and simmer the  chicken until it is just tender -- about 40 to 50 minutes.  Let the chicken  cool in the broth, then cut it into serving pieces and set aside.  Strain  the broth and reserve it.    STEP 2: Toast the chiles lightly on a griddle or comal.  When they are cool  enough to handle but still pliable, slit them open and remove the seeds and  veins.  Save the seeds.  Cover the chiles with hot water and leave them to  soak for 15 to 20 minutes.    STEP 3: Add the toasted, cooled seeds and the spices to the spice grinder  and grind them finely.  Set them aside.    STEP 4: Toast the sesame seeds well, until a deep gold color, in an  ungreased pan and set them aside to cool off a little.  Add the toasted,  cooled seeds to the spice grinder and grind them very fine.    STEP 5: Melt the lard in a large flameproof dish and fry the ground seeds  and spices over a low flame for about 3 minutes, stirring them constantly.  Transfer the chiles with a slotted spoon to the blender jar.  Add the broth  and garlic and blend to a smooth puree.  Add the chile puree to the fried  spice mixture in the dish and let it cook fast for about 5 minutes stirring  constantly.  Add the remaining 3 cups of reserved broth and let the sauce  continue cooking over a low flame for about 20 minutes, or until it  thickens and is well seasoned. Add the cooked chicken, salt to taste, and  let the chicken heat through.    STEP 6: Toast a large avocado leaf, fresh or dried on a warm comal or  griddle, grind it finely and add it to the sauce.    This pipian is a deep-red, earthy-looking sauce.  When it is cooked it  should just lightly cover the back of a wooden spoon.    In Mexico this would be served with hot tortillas only, but plain white  rice goes very well with it. It should not be very picante ("zingy"), but  have just a pleasant afterglow from the chile seeds.    The sauce can be made several days ahead if you have some good chicken  broth handy. The chicken can then be poached ready and heated through in  the sauce when you are ready to serve. The sauce freezes extremely well."    George Nelson <70431,3065@compuserve.com>    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.