Pollo En Mole
Chiles negros, Peanuts, Raisins, Bay Leaves, Onions, Cubes tomato broth, Sesame seeds, Chiles guajillos, Stale bread, Oregano, Roasting hen, Circles mexican chocolate, Pumpkin seeds, Vegetable oil, Chiles pasillas, Cumin seeds, Chiles de arbol; these, Inch cinnamon stick, Head garlic, Roma tomatoes, Stale tortilla, Bananas, Cloves, Chiles ancho, 
All ingredient quantities are subject to interpretation.) Procedure Wash  the chicken, remove the skin, and separate it into serving-sized pieces.  Put the chicken in a large stock pot and cover with cold water. Put one  onion and half the head of garlic in the pot with the chicken. [Lupe just  peeled the onion and put it in whole. She didnt peel the garlic. I think  Id cut the onion into chunks.] Drop the broth concentrate into the water,  then put the pot over high heat. When the stock boils, lift off the scum  that rises and discard it. Lower the heat, cover the pot, and allow the  chicken to cook for about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small skillet brown  the sesame seeds (without oil) over medium high heat. The seeds will pop  and make a minor mess; most will stay in the pan. Transfer the seeds to a  blender or food processor (or, as Lupes mother does, crush them on a stone  metate). Pour the oil into the pan and allow it to get hot. Wash the chiles  and separate the stems. Dry them (well!) and fry each briefly in the oil  (this will be a little dangerous, as the moist chiles will splatter a lot).  Transfer each chile to the blender jar or food processor; if they dont  fit, just reserve them in a bowl. The seeds should be left in the chiles.  [I might remove some seeds and toast them separately in a dry skillet, then  grind them up.] Fry the tomatoes in the oil until the skins blacken a  little, then transfer them to the blender. Lift the chicken from the stock  and set aside. Strain the stock, and add enough to the blender to enable  blending of the chiles, tomatoes, and sesame. Blend all together well, then  press the blended product through a sieve. Youll probably have to do this  in batches. Discard the seeds and skins that remain behind in the sieve.  Transfer the smooth blended chiles to a large pot. In the skillet, saute in  succession the nuts and seeds, 2 onions [which Lupe didnt chop up; this  was a little odd], the remaining garlic (peeled), the two bananas (sliced  in half lengthwise but not peeled [!!!]), the raisins, the tortilla, and  the bread. The onions and garlic should be lightly browned, as should the  nuts. The bananas should be allowed to get soft and translucent (sort-of).  The raisins should be allowed to plump and brown slightly; it should take  only about a minute. The tortilla and bread should be well browned.  Transfer all these ingredients to the blender, along with the herbs and  spices. [I think Id toast and grind the cloves, cumin, and cinnamon  separately.] Puree until smooth with some stock, then add to the pur?ed  chiles. Add stock as desired; Lupe added almost all the stock from the  first chicken-cooking step through the various bleedings. Put the sauce  over medium-high heat, drop in the chocolate, and bring to a boil. Reduce  the heat, add the chicken, and let the mixture simmer for about 45 minutes.  Serve with rice. Yummy    Busted by Christopher E. Eaves <cea260@airmail.net>    NOTES : spontaneous techniques of mole preparation demonstrated to me by a  wonderful Mexican cook.  Lupe confidently constructed this dish as if shed  done it all her life, which she probably has.  Some of her techniques  seemed a little unusual to me, but Ive included them literally with  commentary as to how I might do things. This recipe makes a lot of sauce.  Lupe says its better the next day anyway.  I should add that the cooking  demonstration was conducted primarily in Spanish, with running translations  provided by Lupes sister and my feeble grasp of the language. I guess that  makes it more authentic  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by "Christopher E. Eaves" <cea260@airmail.net>  on Mar 25, 1998