Pomegranate-Glazed Duckling on Dried-Fruit Couscous
Carrot; peeled and halved, Dried-Fruit Couscous; *see, Onion; quartered, Pomegranates; juiced (2/3, Water, Sugar, Dry Red Wine, Fresh mint sprigs; optional, Duckling, Salt, Cornstarch, Strawberry jelly; or red, Bay leaf, 
1. Remove giblets and neck from duckling.  Remove and discard excess fat  from inside body cavity.  Cut off and discard excess neck skin.  Rinse  duckling, giblets, and neck in cold water and pat dry with paper towels.  Cut off and reserve first 2 joints of the wings, leaving only the third. To  cut duckling into quarters, using poultry shears, cut duckling lengthwise  in half through the breastbone and continue cutting along one side of the  backbone; cut duckling halves in half crosswise. 2. Coat bottom of 5-quart  kettle or Dutch oven with nonstick vegetable cooking spray. Add giblets,  neck, and reserved wing tips to kettle and cook until well browned. Add  duckling quarters, water, onion, carrot, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and the bay  leaf.  Cover and heat to boiling over high heat. Reduce heat to low and  simmer, covered, until duckling is fork-tender - about 1 hour. (If  preparing ahead, remove duckling from kettle, cool, wrap, and refrigerate.  Strain cooking liquid, discarding fat and cooked particles. Refrigerate  liquid, or duck stock.) 3. Just before roasting duckling, prepare  pomegranate glaze: In 1-quart saucepan, heat jelly until melted. Stir in  pomegranate juice and sugar and heat to boiling over high heat. Boil  mixture 5 minutes; remove from heat and set aside. 4. Heat oven to 450  degrees F.  Remove duckling from kettle and place, skin side up, on rack in  roasting pan.  (If duck breasts have curled up after boiling, remove their  breast bones so they will be flat.)  Roast duckling 15 minutes. 5.  Meanwhile, pour duck stock through large strainer into bowl, discarding  cooked particles.  Remove excess fat from stock.  Reserve 1 cup stock for  the sauce and 2 cups stock for Dried-Fruit Couscous; refrigerate remainder  for another use. 6. Brush duckling with some glaze and roast 5 minutes;  roast duckling 10 more minutes or until well browned, brushing 3 more times  with glaze. Prepare Dried-Fruit Couscous; keep warm. Set duckling quarters  aside. 7. Prepare sauce: In cup, combine wine and cornstarch until smooth.  Stir reserved 1 cup stock and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt into glaze  remaining in saucepan.  Heat to boiling and stir in cornstarch mixture.  Cook, stirring constantly, until thickened.  Pour sauce into serving bowl.  8. Spoon Dried-Fruit Couscous onto serving plate.  Arrange duckling on  couscous.  Garnish with mint, if desired.  Serve duckling and couscous with  sauce.  Recipe By     : Country Living Magazine, October 1994    Posted to EAT-L Digest 24 October 96    Date:    Fri, 25 Oct 1996 10:54:25 -0400    From:    "Sharon L. Nardo" <snardo@ONRAMP.NET>    NOTES : Because this duckling is simmered to produce a rich stock before it  is roasted, it can be prepared ahead, then roasted and glazed just    before serving.