Pomarola (Pummarola)
Cloves garlic, bruised, Red onion, finely chopped, Celery stalk, including, Handful of chopped fresh, Chopped fresh Italian, Carrot, scraped and finely, (scant) salt, or to taste, Tomato paste, Canned, peeled plum tomatoes, S extra virgin olive oil, Freshly milled black or, 
If using canned tomatoes, drain the tomatoes in a colander, reserving their  juice. Strain the captured tomato juice to hold back the seeds. Using your  fingers, push out excess seeds from each tomato. Chop the tomatoes and set  aside. If using fresh tomatoes, bring a large saucepan threefourths full of  water to a boil. Slip in the tomatoes and blanch for 30 to 45 seconds.  Drain the tomatoes and immediately plunge them into cold water. Using a  paring knife, lift off the skins and cut out the tough area around the core  of each tomato. Cut the tomatoes into quarters lengthwise and, using your  fingers, push out the excess seeds. Chop the tomatoes.    In a saucepan over mediumlow heat, warm 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, the  garlic, and onion together, and saute until the garlic is golden and the  onion is translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Then add the celery, carrot, parsley,  and basil, and saute until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Press  down on the vegetables with the back of a wooden spoon to release their  flavors. Add the tomato paste and continue to saute for 3 minutes. Then add  the tomatoes and their juice, cover partially, and simmer gently until  thickened, about 45 minutes. Remove and discard the garlic cloves and  season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and stir in the  remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. If a smooth sauce is desired, allow it to  cool somewhat. Position a food mill over a clean saucepan and pass the  sauce through it, being sure to press out as much of the pulp as possible.  Place over medium heat just long enough for the sauce to heat through,  about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 1  tablespoon olive oil.    Yield: approximately 2 cups    Note: This recipe is sufficient for saucing 1 pound of pasta.    Ahead of time note: The sauce can be made 4 to 5 days in advance of using  and stored tightly covered in the refrigerator, or it can be frozen for up  to 3 months. Whether storing it in the refrigerator or freezer, leave out  the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Stir it into the sauce after  reheating.  Recipe By     :CHEF DU JOUR SHOW #DJ9212    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #265    Date: Mon, 28 Oct 1996 08:56:25 -0500    From: Meg Antczak <meginny@node1.frontiernet.net>