Polo Havidge Loobia (Rice Pilau with Carrot A
Potato, peeled and cut into, Carrots, cut into 1/4-in, -in thick slices, Water, Dried red kidney beans, Water, Ground cinnamon, Corn oil, Sugar, Raw rice, covered with, 
There are variations of variations in the artful combinations of Persian  rice.  Here is one that, with very few ingredients, manages to encompass a  wide range of seasonings and flavors.    1.  Cover the beans with water and soak them overnight. Drain. Cover the  beans with water again and cook, covered, over moderate heat until they are  soft but still whole, about 1/2 hour.  Drain and set aside.    2.  Put the carrots, sugar, 1 tablespoon of the oil, and 1/4 cup of the  water into a pan and cook over low heat for 5 minutes, or until the liquid  evaporates. Be careful not to burn the carrots. Set aside.    3.  Bring the remaining 4 cups of water to a boil in a pan. Drain nearly  all the water from the rice and add the rice to the boiling water. Cover  the pan and cook over moderate heat for 10 minutes. Drain, run the rice  under cold water, and drain again.    4.  Put 2 tablespoons of the remaining oil in a pan large enough to spread  out the potato slices flat on its bottom. Sprinkle over this the 1  tablespoon of water. All the other ingredients are to be added in layers as  follows: Add 1/2 cup of the rice over the potatoes. Cover this with the  carrots and a few sprinkling of the cinnamon. Cover with the beans.  Continue in this manner, one layer after another, ending with beans.  Sprinkle cinnamon lightly over each layer. Shape the top layer into a  pyramid.    5.  Cover the pan and cook over low heat for 10 minutes. Sprinkle the  balance of the oil (2 tablespoons) over the top and cover the pan with  paper kitchen towels and the pan cover. Continue to cook over low heat for  15 minutes more.  The rice, carrots, and beans will be cooked through and  the potato and oil will develop their own crisp crust on the bottom.    Serve warm.  Serve 4 to 6 with other dishes.    Recipe:  "Sephardic Cooking" by Copeland Mark -- 600 Recipes Created in  Exotic Sephardic Kitchens from Morocco to India -- Copyright 1992 Published  by Donald I. Fine, Inc., New York, N.Y.    [> Be Seeing You -- DPileggi in Houston, Texas    From: D. Pileggi