Grandmas Pumpkin Pie
PIE CRUST, All-purpose flour, Granulated sugar, Salt, Sweet Creamery Butter;, Lard, Ice Water, FILLING, Solid pack Pumpkin, Granulated sugar, Whipping cream, milk, All-purpose flour, Eggs, Dark Molasses, Ground cinnamon, Ground allspice, Ground cloves, Salt, 
The Cook & Kitchen Staff have offered you four different Thanksgiving Day  Dinner menus during November, and today were finishing serving up our  final recipe collection featuring a "Thanksgiving Day Dinner on the Farm"  theme.    Todays recipe is an oh-so-appropriate finish to a hearty Thanksgiving Day  feast on the farm. Only, you dont need to farm to prepare it. As a matter  of fact, you dont really need a reason to prepare this classic American  dessert. Simply start baking and enjoy the groans from your guests as they  make a little more room to appreciate your great taste.    Makes Two 9-inch Pies    To prepare the pie crust, blend flour, sugar, and salt in food processor  for 10 seconds, or blend in a bowl. Add unsalted butter and lard, and  process until mixture resembles coarse meal; or mix with your freshly  cleaned hands in the bowl. Add the ice water and blend. If necessary, add  additional ice water by tablespoonfuls until moist clumps form. Gather the  dough into ball and divide it in half. Flatten each half into disks. Wrap  each disk tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least one  hour.    Roll out a single dough portion on a lightly floured surface into about a  12-inch round. Transfer the rolled dough to a to 9-inch-diameter glass pie  plate. Trim overhang to 1 inch and fold the edges under. Crimp crust edge  with two pinched fingers to form a raised rim. Repeat rolling and shaping  with remaining dough. Refrigerate pie crusts for about an hour before  baking, or freeze crusts for 15 minutes.    Pre-heat the oven to 350-F degrees. Line crusts with foil and fill with  dried beans, dried rice, or pastry weights for even baking. Bake crusts  until sides begin to set, about 15 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Bake  crusts until pale golden, piercing with a toothpick or fork if crusts  bubble, for about 15 minutes. Cool completely on racks. Maintain oven  temperature.    In a large mixing bowl combine pumpkin, sugar, whipping cream, and milk.  Blend with an electric hand-held mixer or whisk. Add the flour and blend  filling mixture again. In a small bowl, lightly beat the eggs, add the  filling mixture, and blend. Add the molasses, cinnamon, allspice, cloves,  and salt, and blend until all ingredients are thoroughly combined.    Pour half of pumpkin filling (about 3 3/4 cups) into each prepared pie  crust. Bake pies until filling is set in center, about 1 hour. Cool on  rack.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Nov 26, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.