Pollo Pibil (Chicken Steamed with Fruit Juice)
Chicken (3 1/2 to 4 pounds);, ;ready made), Orange juice; fresh, ;cut into 6 to 8 serving, Dried Oregano, Ground cinnamon, ;pieces, Tortillas; hot, (hand or, Cumin seeds; ground, Black pepper; freshly ground, ;ground in a blender or, Salt, Lemon juice; fresh, Annatto (achiote) seeds;, Garlic; finely chopped, ;pulverized with a mortar, ;and pestle, Ground cloves, 
In a small bowl, combine the orange and lemon juice, ground annatto  seeds, garlic, oregano, cumin, clove, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Place  chicken in a shallow baking dish just large enough to hold the pieces  snugly in one layer and pour the seasoned fruit juice over it. Cover the  dish with plastic wrap and marinate the chicken for 6 hours at room  temperature, or 12 hours or overnight in the refrigerator, turning the  pieces over in the marinade from time to time.    Line a large colander with 2 crossed, overlapping sheets of aluminum foil  and arrange the chicken on it.  Pour in the marinade, then bring the ends  of the foil up over the chicken and twist them together to seal in the  chicken and its marinade securely.    Place the colander in a deep pot, about 1 inch larger in diameter than  the colander, and pour enough water into the pot to come to within an inch  of the bottom of the colander.  Bring the water to a vigorous boil over  high heat, cover the pot securely and reduce the heat to low. Steam for 1  3/4 hours, or until the chicken is tender, checking the pot from time to  time and adding more boiling water if necessary.    To serve, remove the package of chicken from the colander, open it, and  transfer the chicken and all of its sauce to a heated bowl or platter.  Accompany it with tortillas, served in a basket, in place of bread.      NOTE:  In Yucatan, the chicken is wrapped in banana leaves and steamed in  a special pit called a pib.    32 of 108    Time/Life Foods of the World, Recipes: Latin American Cooking    Earl Cravens earl.cravens@mgmtsys.com  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <maintech@ne.infi.net> on Apr 06, 98