Pomegranate Chicken
Margarine, Cinnamon, Cornstarch, Onion, Orange, Chicken broth, Parsley, Salt, Tomato paste, Pepper, Whole chicken legs, Sugar, Pomegranates, Poultry seasoning, Cooking oil, Pomegranate seeds, 
From: Ruth Heiges <heiges@post.tau.ac.il>    Date: Sat, 3 Aug 1996 00:14:58 +0300 (IDT)  Here is another candidate for the holiday table. This one is from  Hadassahs Cuisine International, Wilkes-Barre chapter.    In Israel, pomegranates ripen around the High Holy Days, and many a  "succah" is festooned with this beautiful red fruit which appears to be  topped with a crown. In fact, the pomegranate was a decorative motif in  ancient Judaic art, as can be seen in archaeological artifacts.    Tradition has it that the number of seeds in a pomegranate totals 613 --  the same as the total number of commandments in the Torah. The Hebrew word  for the fruit is "rimon" (reeMON), and the crowns for the Torah scrolls are  known in Hebrew as "rimonim" (the plural).    Possibly the best way to get the seeds out is to score the skin of the  fruit and pull it apart. Stand over a large bowl (which you might place in  the sink, to keep things clean) and, holding the fruit over the bowl,  continually hit it with a mallet to loosen the seeds into the bowl.  Progressively remove the membranes to which the successive layers of seeds  are attached. (This is a bit of a production, but worthwhile, IMO; not  necessary, though, for this recipe.)    Halve the pomegranates. Save some seeds for garnish. Squeeze halves using a  juicer. Strain and measure the juice to get as close to 3/4 cup as you can.  Add water, if needed to get 3/4 cup liquid.    Rub chicken legs with poultry seasoning, pepper and salt.    Brown chicken well in heated oil and margarine. Remove to a covered baking  dish as pieces brown.    Drain off drippings, saving 1 Tbsp. Return this to the pan. Saute onion,  then blend in tomato paste. Add broth, lemon juice, cinnamon and  pomegranat= e juice. Bring liquid to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer,  uncovered, for 10 minutes. Add sugar, if desired, for sweetness.    Pour sauce over chicken in baking dish. Cover and bake in 350 F oven for 30  minutes. Uncover and bake for 10 minutes.    Pour sauce from baking pan into small saucepan. Stir in cornstarch mixture  and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and clear.    Spoon sauce over the chicken. Garnish with orange slices, parsley sprigs  an= d pomegranate seeds.     Hadassahs Cuisine International Wilkes-Barre Chapter, Eastern PA Region    JEWISH-FOOD digest 296    From the Jewish Food recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.