Greek Olive Bread
water, Honey, Dry yeast, Whole-wheat flour, Sea salt, Whole onions, olives, Olive oil, Rosemary, 
Hand Method: Place water in a bowl and add honey, stir until dissolved. Add  the yeast, set aside for 10/15 minutes until foamy. Add 6 tablespoons olive  oil, mix, sift half the flour into a bowl, add the salt. Make a well in the  center of the flour, add the yeast mixture, sift in the remaining flour to  make a firm dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured board, knead for 10  minutes. Set aside to rise for 2-3 hours, until double in size. Add 6  tablespoons olive oil to a frying pan, heat, add onions and fry over low  heat until golden, set aside. Drain olives and pat dry, finely chop. Add  olives and rosemary to onion, toss together. Add to dough and knead for 1/2  min. Form into a rounded mound. Grease a baking tray with olive oil,  flatten dough on the tray, cover lightly with a towel and set aside for an  hour. Preheat oven to 375?, bake for 10 minutes. Reduce oven to 375?, coat  bread with olive oil and bake an additional 30 minutes until golden    Mixer Method: Place water, honey and yeast in workbowl, stir until yeast is  dissolved, set aside for 10/15 minutes. Add one pound of flour, a 1/4 cup  at a time. Mix with paddle on slow speed until incorporated. Let this  sponge work for several hours. Place 6 tablespoons olive oil in a frying  pan, heat, add onions and fry over low heat until golden brown, set aside.  Drain olives, pat dry and finely chop. Add olives and rosemary to onions,  toss together. To the sponge add the salt, 6 tablespoons olive oil and the  remaining flour in 1/4 cup increments. Add the onion mixture. Let dough  rise overnight in refrigerator. Form into mounds (2 large, 3 or 4 small),  place on cornmeal dusted parchment paper. Let rise. Bake on a baking stone  in a preheated 400? oven for 10 minutes. Brush tops of loaves with  additional olive oil, reduce heat to 375? and bake an additional 30 minutes  until golden.    Recipe by: ie    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by BarFav@aol.com on Sep 29, 1998, converted  by MM_Buster v2.0l.