Poori (Fried Bread)
All-purpose white flour, Water, Vegetable oil, Whole wheat flour, Vegetable oil, 
Poories are much easier to make than chappaties or phulkas since deep-fat  requires less skill and the poories inevitably balloon up, providing both  cook and spectators great satisfaction. Because they contain more oil, they  are usually prepared daily, but they are a refreshing and reliable change  and good to prepare in advance for parties. The quality and taste of the  oil affects the flavor.    Source: " Beyond Curry: Quick and Easy Indian Cooking" by Hemalata Dandekar    Mix the dough as for chappaties [*1], with the exception that the oil added  to the flour should be hot. Set aside for 30 minutes. Heat oil for  deep-frying (two or three inches deep) in a heavy, cast-iron frying pan.    ROLLING THE POORI: Pinch off small amounts of dough and roll by hand into  spheres about 1 inch in diameter. Dip one into heated oil and smear the oil  onto a rolling surface so dough wont stick to it. Roll out with a rolling  pin into circles 3 1/2 to 4 inches in diameter.    COOKING THE POORI: Test oil temperature by dropping in a small pinch of the  dough. If it rises to the surface immediately, the oil is ready. Gently  slip the rolled-out poori into the oil, from the side of the pan so the hot  oil does not splash. The poori should rise to the surface immediately.  Carefully splash hot oil on its top surface with a spatula. [Dont use  those teflon ones-they melt.] The poori will start to balloon about 10 to  15 seconds after it is dropped into the oil. Continue splashing hot oil on  its surface to expedite the process. Turn over and fry for a few seconds on  the other side. Poories become a light golden brown when done.    When cooked, remove the poori from oil and drain on paper towels. Serve hot  with curry, vegetables, salads, and pickles or chutneys.    Poories can be maintained in their blown up position by pricking them with  a pin as they are removed from the oil. They can be prepared ahead of time  for a party or a dinner. They should be stored in a large plastic bag to  prevent them from hardening.    [*1 From Chappaties    MAKING THE DOUGH: Combine salt and flour and heap this mixture in a bowl.  Make a well in the middle and add oil. Work flour and oil together, as for  pastry dough, and then add two cups water. Mix and knead the dough, aiming  for an homogeneous mass. Add more water (about 1 up), a little at a time,  kneading to absorb the moisture until the dough is soft but not sticky. It  is the right consistency if, when poked with the index finger, a little  indentation is made but the dough does not stick to the finger.]    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest Volume 98 #007 by David Fillingham  <dfillingham@earthlink.net> on 5 Ja, n 1998