Pomodori Ripieni (Tomatoes Filled with Rice)
Dried Oregano, Arborio rice, Mint leaves, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Salt, boiling potatoes, Tomatoes, flat-leaf parsley, Garlic, Basil, Marjoram, 
Cook tomatoes in an oven hot enough for a pizza? Fill them with such a  small amount of rice? It works magnificently. The extreme heat concentrates  the flavor and sweetness of the tomatoes and brings out moisture that,  along with the oil, cooks the rice perfectly. A clever cook slides  individual slices of potatoes between the tomatoes to separate them in the  baking pan. The olive oil cooks the potato slices. If you want, you can  take the tomatoes out of the pan when theyre done and continue to cook the  potatoes until crisp.    Wash and dry tomatoes thoroughly. Cut horizontal slice at top of each  tomato to form flap that will cover tomato when it it cooked and served; do  not cut through.    Cut tiny, dime sized piece out of bottom so tomato will balance easily.  Carefully scoop out the pulp with small paring knife and spoon, leaving  shell 1/4 to 3/8-in thick. Discard seeds and juices. Salt interiors of  tomatoes and let them drain upside down while preparing filling. Chop pulp  and put in bowl.    Mix parsley, basil, garlic, majoram, mint, and 1t salt with chopped tomato  pulp. Stir in rice and 1/4c olive oil. Season to taste with salt and mix  well.    Place tomatoes in lightly oiled baking pan sufficient to hold them without  crowding. Tuck potato slices between tomatoes. (Potatoes help prop up the  tomatoes, so place them where you need them.) Spoon rice filling into  tomatoes, Let extra filling overflow onto potatoes. Drizzle 2T olive oil  over tops of tomatoes and potatoes and sprinkle with oregano. Put top of  flap over tomato to cover.    Bake at 450 degrees for 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 375 degrees, baste  tomatoes with liquid accumulated in pan and bake 50 to 60 minutes. Siphon  off excess liquid with bulb baster. If potatoes need extra cooking to  become crisp, leave them in oven until browned.    CDR  10/1/97  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V4 #259 by Carole <caroleru@tp.net> on Oct 01,  1997