Greek Leek Pita
Leeks, Butter, salt and pepper, Dried Oregano, tomatoes, Chopped fresh parsley, Eggs, Ricotta cheese, Vegetable oil, Phyllo pastry sheets, 
To make the filling, trim and wash the leeks. Cut the white and tender  green parts into 1-inch circles. Melt 3 tablespoons of butter in a shallow  pan. Add the leeks and let them cook gently for 3-4 minutes. Season with  salt and pepper, then stir in the tomatoes and oregano. Continue cooking  gently until the leeks are soft and most of the liquid has evaporated. Stir  in the parsley. Let the mixture cool to room temperature. (You can prepare  it several hours ahead of time if you like.) Preheat the oven to 400  degrees. Grease a 13-by-9-inch lasagna pan. Lightly beat the eggs then add  the ricotta and blend. Stir in the leek mixture. Taste and season again. In  a small pan warm the oil with the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter,  stirring them together as the butter melts. Open the package of phyllo  pastry and remove 3 sheets, placing them in the prepared pan. Cover the  remaining sheets with a cloth while you brush these three with the oil and  butter mixture. At this stage ignore any pastry that overlaps the sides of  the pan. Add another 3 sheets and brush in the same way. Pour in the  ricotta-leek mixture and cover with 3 more sheets of pastry. Brush these  with the oil and butter mixtures. Add 3 sheets more; brush it, and finally  top with the remaining 3 sheets of phyllo. Trim off the overlapping pastry,  leaving just enough to fold down neatly round the edges of the pie. Brush  with the last of the oil and butter. With the point of a sharp knife score  the surface, marking 18 portions. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden  brown. Serve warm or at room temperature. (To reheat, cover the pan with  foil and put in a 325-degree oven for 10-15 minutes.) For serving, cut  through the scored marks made before cooking. Makes 18 small servings.  Spinach-and-feta-filled spinatakopita is the most famous Greek pie. This  leek pita is equally delicious and a little easier to make. Source: Boston  Globe 11/12/97 Converted to MM using MMCONV by Carol Kaplan ACGR23B    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on Sep  20, 1998, 