Poppy Seed Coffee Cake
Salt, Sugar, almonds, Egg white, Active dry yeast, POPPY SEED FILLING, Poppy seeds, Sugar, All-purpose flour, Egg, milk, Lemon Peel, Warm water, POPPY SEED FILLING, whole almonds, Margarine, DOUGH, Warm milk, Margarine, Lemon juice, 
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in water. Blend in milk, salt, sugar, egg  and margarine. Gradually beat in about 2 1/2 cups of the flour to make a  soft dough. Turn dough out onto a floured board; knead until smooth and  satiny (5 to 20 minutes), adding flour as needed to prevent sticking. Place  dough in a greased bowl; turn over to grease top. Cover and let rise in a  warm place until doubled (1 to 1 1/2 hours). Meanwhile, prepare poppy seed  filling. Punch dough down; knead briefly on a lightly floured board to  release air, and roll into a 10 by 15 inch rectangle. Place on a lightly  greased 14 by 17 inch baking sheet; mark dough to indicate 3 lengthwise  sections. Spread filling in center 1/3 of dough. With a sharp knife, cut 10  diagonal strips in each of the 2 outer sections of dough, cutting in almost  as far as the filling. Overlap strips; first one from right side, then one  from left, alternating until all strips are folded over the filling. If  there is excess dough at the end, tuck it underneath loaf. Brush loaf with  egg white mixture and sprinkle almonds evenly over top. Let rise,  uncovered, in a warm place until almost doubled (about 30 minutes). Bake in  a preheated 350 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until richly browned.  Let cool on a rack.    Poppy seed filling: In a blender or food processor, combine poppy seeds and  whole almonds; whirl until mixture is consistency of cornmeal. In a small  pan, combine seed-nut mixture with sugar, milk, lemon peel, lemon juice and  margarine. Cook over low heat, stirring, until mixture boils and thickens  (about 10 minutes). Let cool.    Makes 1 large loaf.    Recipe by: Sunset Breads Cookbook 1984    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by RollFamily <RollFamily@AOL.COM> on Apr 9, 1998