Pork and Black Bean Chili Verde Pt 1
Meaty smoked ham hock, Dried black beans, Habanero chile, Tortilla chips, Fresh spinach, Scallions, boneless pork ?, Sugar, Tomatillos, Poblano chiles, Ground cumin, Garlic, Bay Leaves, Vegetable oil, White onion, Cubanelle chiles, fresh ?, Salt, Green bell peppers, 
"Food & Wine," March, 1994, pp. 72-74    1. Place the black beans in a medium saucepan and add 6 cups of water.  Bring to a boil over moderately high heat and boil for 3 minutes. Remove  from the heat and let stand for 1 hour.    2. Meanwhile, roast the poblanos, cubanelles, bell peppers and haban~ero  under the broiler or over a gas flame (see notes), turning frequently,  until blackened all over. Transfer them to a paper bag and let steam for 10  minutes. Peel the chiles and peppers under running water and remove the  cores, seeds and ribs. Drain and pat dry. Place them all in a food  processor or blender with the spinach, tomatillos and scallions and puree  until smooth (see notes).    3. Drain the black beans and return them to the saucepan. Add the ham hock,  bay leaves and 6 more cups of water. Bring to a boil over moderately high  heat. Cover and simmer over low heat until the beans are tender, about 1.5  hours. Drain the beans, reserving 1 cup of the liquid; discard the bay  leaves. Remove the meat from the ham hock, cut it into 3/4 inch pieces and  set aside (see notes).    4. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large enameled cast-iron casserole.  Season the pork cubes with salt and black pepper. Add some of the meat to  the casserole in a single layer and cook over high heat until well browned  all over, about 5 minutes. Transfer the cooked pork to a plate and brown  the remaining meat in batches.    5. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the casserole. Add the onion and  garlic and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until  translucent, about 3 minutes.    6. Return the browned pork to the casserole with the chile and spinach  puree, sugar, cumin and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil over moderately  high heat. Lower the heat and simmer gently until the meat is very tender,  about 2 hours. Stir in the black beans and cubed ham with the reserved  cooking liquid. (The chili can be prepared up to 3 days ahead; cover and  refrigerate. Rewarm slowly over moderate heat.)    7. Season the chili with the corainder and salt. Spoon the chili into bowls  and serve with tortilla chips and sour cream.    Notes from Tony and Gloria:    1. Allow a full day to make this recipe; its a lot of work. However, note  that the beans dont have to be soaked overnight so you can start and  finish the entire job in one day. This chili is unique in my experience,  but quite delicious and worth the effort.    2. As it stands, this is not a very hot recipe. Chile-heads should adjust  the quantity of haban~ero to suit individual taste. We used three ripe  Fresno chiles instead of the haban~ero; it was tangy, but not very hot.    3. Ah, the elusive cubanelle. We used "biscene" peppers obtained at a local  farmers market. Others have convinced    continued in part 2