Poppy Seed Roll (Or Nut Roll)
Sweeten with honey to taste, Poppyseed and honey filling, Cake compressed yeast, Poppy seeds, Sugar, POPPYSEED FILLING, Water or milk, Honey, Sugar, All purpose flour, Butter or margarine, Salt, Poppyseed, Warm water, Flour more, Eggs (optional), Whole Milk, NUT FILLING, Ground walnuts, Salt, Sugar, Eggs, 
From: "Patrick J. McNeally" <mcneally@CapAccess.org>    Date: Tue, 4 Apr 1995 15:32:40 GMT    Poppy Seed Roll (or Nut Roll)  [A Czechoslovakian Strudel Recipe]    Place 3 cups All Purpose Flour in a large bowl.  Crumble 1 cake compressed  yeast and add to flour.  Add 1/2 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon salt.  Scald 3/4  cup whole milk and cool. While milk is cooling, add 1/2 butter or margarine  to milk to soften.. When milk is lukewarm, add 1/4 cup warm water to it,  and add to dry ingredients. Mix all well.    Beat 2 eggs and add to milk and flour mixture.  Add 2 1/2 cups more flour,  first with spoon, then with hand.  When dough begins to leave sides of  bowl, turn it onto a lightly floured board and knead.    (Alternate:  3/4 cup milk, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 1/4 tsp salt, 1/2 cup  butter/marg.; combine & heat microwave until liquid - cool to lukewarm.  2  pkg. yeast dissolved in 1/3 cup water [C temp on package].  3 eggs, 5 1/2  to 6 1/2 cups flour add above and beat for approx 10 min.; let rise)    Allow dough to rise for 1 1/2 hours in a lightly greased bowl, turning once  to bring greased side up.  Leave it in a warm spot and cover with a damp  cloth. Punch dough down after 1 1/2 hours, pull edges into center and turn  over in the bowl.  Allow dough to rise for 30 minutes more.    Divide dough into four equal parts.  Work on each part separately, keeping  dough covered.  Roll dough into thin rectangular shape (No flour should be  required to roll out, since dough should handle easily).  Roll into 9 x 12  inch rectangle.  Spread with soft butter.  Spread one cup of filling on top  and roll rectangle.  Spread with soft butter.  Spread one cup of filling on  top and roll as for jelly roll.  Bake for about 30 minutes at 350 ! on  lightly greased foil placed on a cookie sheet. The four rolls should fit on  the cookie sheet.    Nut Filling: To make the nut filling, use 1 pound ground walnuts mixed with  1 cup sugar.  For altenate filling use 1 pound poppy seeds &  sweeten to  taste with honey. With Solo brand poppy seeds, just add a little hot water  so its spreadable.    Alternates:  substitute honey for sugar;  add cinamon & raisens to  fillings.    Poppyseed and Honey Filling (Cooked): Combine poppyseed (large seeds should  be scalded, drained and pounded or put through food chopper, using fine  blade), liquid, honey, sugar and salt in a saucepan.  Cook over moderate  heat till thick, stirring to prevent scourching. Let cool before adding  eggs, beating in thoroughly. If the addition of eggs thins out filling too  much, return to heat and stir while cooking 1 to 2 minutes.    Variation 1:  Add 1/4 cup finely chopped almonds or other nuts.    Variation 2:  Add nuts and 1/4 cup curra ts or seedless raisins.    Variation 3:  Add 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon  rind.    REC.FOOD.RECIPES ARCHIVES    From rec.food.cooking archives.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.