Pork and Ham Loaf with Marmalade-Mustard Glaze
Green bell pepper; finely, Lean smoked ham; finely, Ground pork, Packed brown sugar; golden, Orange marmalade, 1% low-fat milk, Onion, (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, Black pepper, Dijon mustard, PORK, Saltine crackers; finely, Egg substitute; or two-large, GLAZE, Salt, 
Preheat oven to 350F. Melt butter in heavy medium skillet over medium-low  heat. Add onion and bell pepper. Cover and cook until vegetables are  tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Cool mixture completely.    Mix ground pork, ham, crushed crackers, milk, eggs, pepper, salt and cooled  onion mixture in large bowl; combine thoroughly. Transfer pork mixture to  shallow baking pan. Shape into 9x4x2-1/2 inch loaf. Using a long knife,  make shallow crisscross (diamond) pattern in top of loaf. Bake loaf 30  minutes.    Meanwhile, blend orange marmalade, Dijon mustard and brown sugar in small  bowl for glaze.    Drizzle 1/3 cup glaze over loaf; bake 15 minutes. Drizzle another 1/3 cup  glaze over loaf; bake 15 minutes. Drizzle remaining glaze over loaf and  bake until thermometer inserted into center of loaf registers 165F, about       20    minutes longer.    Transfer loaf to platter; let stand 10 minutes. Pour pan juices into small  bowl; whisk to blend: the sauce will be translucent and caramel colored.    Cut loaf crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick slices. Serve with pan juices.    >From "Comfort Food at its Best," by Michael McLaughlin for Bon Appetit  98-Feb:p.57. Michael McLaughlin is a cookbook author who lives in Santa Fe.  His most recent book is All on the Grill (HarperCollins, 1997). MENU: Large  chopped salad, Pork and Ham Loaf [R], Mashed Potatoes with (mashed)  Carrots, corn bread, buttered peas, and optional Warm Walnut Brownie  Pudding for Dessert. Said to serve 6 to 8; full menu could serve 12.    One tenth: PER SERVING: 521CAL, 26.2G fat (45% cff).    Notes: Old-fashioned meat loaf gets a new lease on life in this recipe. Use  the processor to chop leftover ham (or so this flavorful loaf.    Recipe by: Michael McLaughlin (1998-Feb) Bon Appetit*    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 12,  1998