Pork and Chile Verde with Nopalitos
Salt, Boneless pork loin or, Unbleached flour, Pepper; or more to taste, Fresh nopaltos; precooked, Fresh Cilantro, Poblano peppers; roasted and, olive oil, Scallions; trimmed and diced, Yellow onion; diced, Jalapeno peppers; seeded and, Ripe tomato; diced,, Garlic, Whole peeled onion*, 
*Set a pot of water to boil. Scrap the paddle and clean it of spines. Rinse  well to remove finer spines. Cut into strips 1/4-inch wide. Put in the pot  along with a peeled whole onion and boil until tender, about 15 minutes.  Drain; discard the onion; rinse.    Mix flour, salt and pepper. Dredge meat cubes in the seasoned flour. Heat  the olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Saute the pork cubes,  about one third at a time, in the oil until they are brown on all sides.  Remove them to a large plate as they brown. When all the pork cubes are  cooked, spoon off all but 3 tablespoons of the pan drippings, if necessary.  Add the onions, scallions, garlic, roasted poblano chiles, and jalapenos,  and saute for 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and saute for an additional  minute.    Return the pork to the pot, and then pour in enough water to just cover.  Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer the pork, covered, stirring  occasionally, until tender, about 1 hour. Stir in the nopalitos and  cilantro, and simmer the stew for 15 minutes. The sauce should have a thick  gravy consistency. Add more water, if needed, and cook until heated  through. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary. Serve Pork and Chile  Verde with Nopalitos at once, with the accompaniments of your choice.    SOURCES: >Latin American Cooking Across the USA (1997) Himilce Novas and  Rosemary Silva (Knopf 0679444084) >phannema@wizard.ucr.edu >MC    NOTEs: Nopalitos, the young paddles on prickly-pear cactus. Spring dish  from the desert from Sonora to Arizona.    VARIATIONS: beef instead of pork. Chile colorado with Anaheim and Sante Fe  Grande chiles.    ACCOMPANIMENTS: Spanish rice, refried beans or pintos; diced onions, flour  tortillas and fresh salsa. Fresh limeade and lemonade.    Recipe by: Latin American Cooking Across the USA    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1059 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Jan 29, 1998