Pork Chile Rellenos (Pork Stuffed Chiles) Pt 1
Tomatoes, garlic, The Chiles, garlic, Eggs, Salt, Reserved pork broth, The Batter, cinnamon, Salt, Salt, Onion, Tomatoes, Chiles poblanos, Boneless pork, Raisins, Almonds, Lard, Onion, Lard, Dried thyme, PICADILLO, Salt, Cloves, Tomato Broth, garlic, Cloves, Bay Leaves, flour, Peppercorns, Peppercorns, Peanut oil, Onion, cinnamon, Acitron, 
This dish consists of large chiles or bell peppers stuffed with meat or  cheese, coated with a light batter, and fried. They are served in a light  tomato broth. There is always an exclamation of pleasure and surprise when  a cazuela of golden, puffy chiles rellenos sitting in their tomato broth is  presented at the table. If you have eaten those sad, flabby little things  that usually turn up in so-called Mexican restaurants in the United States  as authentic chiles rellenos, you have a great surprise in store. Here is  yet another prime example of the fine feeling the Mexicans have for texture  in their food: you bite through the slightly crisp, rich chile poblano to  experience the crunch of the almonds and little bits of crystallized fruits  in the pork filling. Then there is the savory broth to cut the richness of  the batter. Chiles poblanos are imported in great quantities to large  centers of Mexican population here in the States but very few find their  way to the East. (Maybe this was true in 1972 when this book was published,  but these days they are readily available here in Cambridge. To me, bell  peppers are no substitute.) I am afraid the bell pepper is about the only  suitable substitute for appearance and size--you can always spike them with  a little chile serrano. Assembling the chiles may seem like a long  laborious task, but it is no more complicated and time consuming than most  worthwhile dishes, and this dish is certainly worthwhile. Prepare the  picadillo: Cut the meat into large cubes. Put them into the pan with the  onion, garlic, and salt and cover with cold water. Bring the meat to a  boil, lower the flame and let it simmer until just tender--about 40 to 45  minutes. Do not overcook. Leave the meat to cool off in the broth. Strain  the meat, reserving the broth, then shred or chop it finely and set it  aside. Let the broth get completely cold and skim off the fat. Reserve the  fat. Melt the lard and cook the onion and garlic, without browning, until  they are soft. Add the meat and let it cook until it begins to brown. Crush  the spices roughly and add them, with the rest of the ingredients to the  meat mixture. Cook the mixture a few moments longer. Mash the tomatoes a  little and add them to the mixture in the pan. Continue cooking the mixture  over a high flame for about 10 minutes, stirring it from time to time so  that it does not stick. It should be almost dry. Prepare the tomato broth:  Blend the tomatoes, with the juice extracted from their seeds, with the  onion and garlic until smooth. Melt the lard and fry the tomato puree over  a high flame for about 3 minutes, stirring to prevent sticking. Add the  rest of the ingredients and cook them over a high flame for about 5  minutes, stirring. Add the pork broth and continue cooking the broth over a  medium flame for about 15 minutes. By that time it will be well seasoned  and reduced somewhat--but still a broth rather than a thick sauce. Add salt  as necessary. Prepare the chiles: Put the chiles straight onto a fairly  high flame or under the broiler--not into the oven--and let the skin  blister and burn. Turn the chiles from time to time so they do not get  overcooked or burn right through. Wrap the chiles in a damp cloth or  plastic bag and leave them for 20 minutes. The burned skin will then flake  off very easily and the flesh will become a little more cooked in the  steam. Make a slit in the side of each chile and carefully remove the seeds  and veins. Be careful to leave the top of the chile, the part around the  base of the stem, intact. (If the chiles are too picante, let them soak in  a mild vinegar and water    continued in part 2