Grilled Garlicky Skewers with Tomatillo Salsa
Garlic, olive oil, Limes; juiced, Pork shoulder butt steak, Beef flap meat, Salt; pepper, Red pepper flakes, Dried Mexican oregano, Tomatillos; husks removed, Chopped cilantro, 
Pound 5 cloves garlic to coarse puree in mortar and pestle. Add olive oil  and grind to paste. Scrape into mixing bowl and whisk in juice of 2 1/2  limes until smooth. (If using blender, grind garlic and oil together, then  pulse in lime juice.)    Cut pork and beef into thin 1/4- to 1/2-inch-thick slices. Dust liberally  with salt, pepper, red pepper flakes and oregano. Dip pork slices 1 at a  time in garlic paste and put in plastic storage bag. Then dip beef slices 1  at a time in garlic paste and put in another plastic bag. Seal bags tightly  and refrigerate at least 2 hours to overnight.    Broil tomatillos in single layer about 1 inch from heat source until tops  have begun to blacken and blister. Remove from broiler, cut in half and  puree in blender with remaining garlic clove and juice of 1/2 lime until  smooth. Season with salt to taste and, if necessary, add more lime juice.  Pour into serving bowl and stir in cilantro.    Thread meat onto skewers and grill over very hot fire until browned and  crisp on outside but still moist inside, about 7 minutes on first side, 5  minutes on second. Place skewers on platter and serve with Tomatillo salsa.    [8 servings. Each serving: 255 calories; 129 mg sodium; 68 mg cholesterol;  15 grams fat; 5 grams carbohydrates; 24 grams protein; 0.04 gram fiber.]    Notes: If you use wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 30  minutes before cooking to keep them from burning. Pork shoulder butt steak  is available in Latino markets. If you cant find it, buy a small piece of  pork butt roast and slice it yourself. Flap meat is the same thing as  hangar steak. If you cant find it, substitute skirt steak. Failing that,  use round steak. SOURCES. Recipe taken from "Bump and Grind (molcajete),"  By Russ Parsons !We got this recipe from the LA Times. Mastercook editing  by kitpath@earthlink.net    Recipe by: Russ Parsons, LA Times 07/29/98(wed)    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by Roberta Banghart <bobbi744@acd.net> on Aug  22, 1998, 