Ground Beef Stuffed Squash
Herb-seasoned Stuffing Mix, Fresh Parsley, Salt, Onion, Black Pepper, Fresh mushrooms, Butter or margarine, Acorn Squash, Ground beef, Beef Bouillon, 
Just when you thought The Cook and Kitchen Staff were finished feasting on  the fruits of the Fall harvest of squash, we find another must-serve recipe  that we have to send your way.    Todays recipe features the Acorn squash, named entirely for its shape and  not its flavor. Prepare this recipe as a main course and sample its hearty  goodness for yourself, tonight. It takes about an hour to prepare, and  about 20 minutes to feast upon.    Todays recipe also makes an eye-appealing presentation at you dinner  table, as the rich golden-orange squash is complemented by the creamy-tan  sauteed mushroom topping. That just means it makes a fantastic side dish at  more formal dining functions, too!    Rinse, dry, and cut each Acorn squash in half, lengthwise. Remove the seeds  from the center and discard. Place Acorn squash halves, cut side down, in a  baking pan and pour 1/4-inch of boiling water over them. Bake in a  pre-heated 350-F degree oven for about 30 minutes, or until almost tender.    Meanwhile, brown ground beef in a large skillet over medium heat. Make sure  to work the ground beef into small, crumbly pieces as it browns. Drain off  any excess fat. Add stuffing mix, parsley, salt, onion, pepper, and beef  bouillon. Stir gently or toss to combine. Remove from heat and reserve.    Remove half-baked squash from the oven and when cool enough to handle, turn  it cut side up. Fill the center of each squash with an equal portion of the  beef and stuffing mixture. Return to the oven and continue to bake for  another 20 to 30 minutes.    Meanwhile, saute mushroom slices in butter or margarine until desired  degree of doneness. Remove finished stuffed squash from the oven and  distribute an equal portion of sauteed mushrooms over the top of each half.  Serve warm, in the skin.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Oct 17, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.