Pork Shoulder
Red pepper flakes, Cayenne, Salt, Brown sugar, Cider vinegar, 
Did pulled pork for the family on Sunday.  Started at 0830 (AM for you  non-military types) and kept it on the Brinkmann Water Smoker till 1430.  Used a combination of 3/4 Hickory and 1/4 Mesquite (ran out of Hickory).  Finished it in the oven at 220 degrees till 1830. Had to move it to the  oven because of the usual problems with ash buildup in the Bringkmann.  Didnt use a rub or mop, just cooked it in its own. It was falling off the  bone when it was done and it was good.    For a sauce I make an East Carolina sauce I found on someones home page a  while back.  If your on the digest my apologies for not remembering your  name. The ingredients are:    Put in the sun to age.  Did that for a couple of hours while I painted the  house, sealed the deck, and mowed the lawn.  My wife made her homemade cole slaw recipe that I swear she got off of the  back of the jar of Hellmanns Mayonnaise.  Its not bad, but not great  either. Next time I may experiment a bit. And, no, we did not put the slaw  on the top of the sandwich. In true Carolina tradition, at least to some,  that wasnt allowed. We also had baked beans that I spruced up a bit with  Daves Hellfire sauce, brown sugar, and mustard. Last but not least Bear,  there was Cheer Wine. The kids have been wondering what it was I was going  to do with that 12 pack I had a friend bring up from N Carolina. Had to  wait till I had the time to put this all together.    When we were done we were all bursting at the seams.  It also passed my  wifes muster, who had seconds on everything.    After that I made beer.  Stayed up till midnight cooking a new batch of a  Trappist Ale.  Added molassas and honey to this batch.  A friend of mine  said this beer is like eating a loaf of bread. If I made any errors or was  unclear above, forgive me, Im really tired right now.  Posted to bbq-digest V3 #98    Date: Mon, 14 Oct 96 10:24:38 EST    From: moorej@itsi.disa.mil