Gumbo, Baby
Salt to taste, Fresh parsley; rough chopped, File powder; or more, Canola oil, Flour, Onion; chopped fairly small, Bell pepper; chopped fairly, Fresh okra;, (give or take), Smoked sausage; about, cut, Fresh frozen cayennes; stem, Liquid; plus *4, Liquid *4, Gran. garlic; or more, about, Ground cayenne pepper; or, Dried thyme; about, 
*1: quarter inch, for those who want zactness.    *2: used a yellow one cause I had it...any do, o course.    *3: I always save some sausage for my old man.    *4: used what I had on hand: 1 1/2 c. veggies stock/1 c. chicken stock/rest  was water. (all stock, of some sort, is best, o course)    Greetings O Illustrious Chilehead brothers and sisters...blessings of El  Grande to all...    Had a lady at work gimme a 1/2 lb of fresh okra...not my favorite veggie,  but it do cry out to be put into some gumbo, so I obliged...    Wanted a simple gumbo...nothing too damned time consuming, complex...I like  sausage (if I didnt, Id probably be vegetarian...I digress..) so I went  to Da Store and got me some decent smoked sausage (no andouille round  here...dammit..), picked up a bunch of parsley, glanced at the spot where  chiles lay - if ever available - and there was nothing to look at much less  spend my cash-ola on...luckily, Monk Rael has a freezer sheeeet-piled mit  chiles in various states...    This recipe is very bare-bones, very simple, took about an hour and a half,  most of that with the whole mess simmering. It can obviously (should, be  actually...thats what makes a great recipe...people adding their "special  touches" and such..) tweeked, played with, and so on. Great with chicken  added, shrimp would be groovy, most anything really, even catfish. Yall  know what yer doin. Anywho...    The gumbo:    Make a roux with the flour/oil; brown is best, but I was impatient and made  a blonde one. Various methods, but I heat to oil to smoking, dump in the  flour with one hand, stir with the other, pulling it off the heat at  various times to insure you do NOT BURN IT (if you do...dump it...cant be  saved), and say little prayers the whole time that the cajun napalm dont  get me in the eyes...arms dont feel kaka anymore so I aint worried about  them. None-o-the-less, always use caution when making a roux. Itll scar  you but good, baby...    Dump the veggies into the roux, cooking them for 5-10 minutes, stirring  frequently (may need to drop the heat to medium and/or take the pot off the  heat). Toss in the sausage and the dried seasonings; NOT THE FILE POWDER.  File goes in at the very end of cooking, OFF heat. Watch that hab powder  steam cloud...    Stir the above for another 5 minutes or so, keeping the heat at medium-ish.  Dump in about 1 cup of the liquid and stir, scraping the bottom of the pot  well. Good stuff down there...get it all. You can put in about 1/2 of your  parsley here now. Once it all looks fairly well mixed (gonna be thick, mind  you), add in the rest of the liquid, stir/mix well.    Bring to a nice mellow simmer and let it cook for a while. Taste  frequently, adding a bit of salt as you see fit, more chile, other  seasoning(s), whatever. You Da Boss. Adjust with more liquid as you see  fit. Should be almost sauce like, but a bit thinner...after all, it is a  soup...pretty much...    When you think its done (flavor of sausage has developed, chiles, and  such...no flour taste...youll pretty much know), take it off heat, dump in  the rest of the parsley and the file powder.    Put some rice in a bowl (which you should have cooked up whilst simmering  your gumbo...jeez, must I tell you everything?!) and a nice big ladle of  gumbo. Eat it up, yum...    Peace, Hendrix, and Chiles in my gumbo, baby...Rael    Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST by Inagoddadavida <rael@ebicom.net> on Sep  20, 1998.