Pork Simmered in Cola (Tiras De Puerco Con Cola)
Onion, Tomatoes, Bell pepper, Habanero chiles, Vinegar, Lean pork, Mustard, Salt and pepper, Butter, Cola, 
Marinate meat with salt, pepper, and vinegar for 20 minutes. Fry meat in  oil for 8 minutes.    Put in a pot and mix in 1 teaspoon butter and 1 tablespoon mustard.    Fry bell pepper, tomatoes, onion, and habaneros for 15 minutes in oil the  pork cooked in. Add to pot with meat.    Add cola and liquid that meat marinated in.    Simmer 5 minutes. If the pork is still tough, simmer until tender, adding  water if necessary, for about 30 minutes.    Creme Caramel (Flan) B: The Festive Food of Mexico by Elizabeth Lambert  Ortiz S: 6 C: Dessert, Pudding    To caramelize the custard cups: 1/2 cup sugar 2 tablespoons water For the  custard: 4 cups milk 3/4 cup sugar 8 eggs, lightly beaten 1 teaspoon  vanilla essence pinch salt    Have ready 6 custard cups warmed by standing in hot water.    In a small saucepan over moderate heat, combine the sugar and water and  cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar melts and turns a rich golden  brown. Divide the caramel among the custard cups, pouring it in and turning  the moulds so that the caramel covers the bottom and sides. As soon as ir  stops running, turn the cups upside down on a flat surface.    Bring the milk to scalding point in a saucepan over moderate heat. Set  aside. In a large bowl beat the sugar gradually into the eggs. Add the  milk, vanilla and salt. Mix well, and strain into caramelized custard cups.    Place the cups in a baking pan filled with hot water that reaches halfway  up the cups and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour, or until a  knife inserted into the custard comes out clean. While cooking do not let  the water in the baking pan come to a boil. Lift out the custard cups and  let them cool, then refrigerate.    To unmould, run a wet knife between the custard and the mould, then place a  plate upside down over the cup and invert it quickly.    Notes: Although the recipe does not call for any specific type of cola  avoid using an artificially sweetened one.    Recipe by: Yucatan Cookbook by Lyman Morton Recipe by "Pillsbury Kitchens  Family Cookbook" 1979 edition  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 17,  1998