Pork Tenderloins with Blackberry-Mustard Sauce
Vegetable cooking spray, Salt, Pork tenderloins,, Fresh blackberries, Ground allspice, Garlic, No-salt-added chicken broth,, Balsamic vinegar, Cornstarch, fresh thyme, Fresh thyme, Ground cinnamon, olive oil, Water, Ground pepper, Blackberry Mustard, Brown sugar, 
Combine 1/2 teaspoon minced thyme and next 5 ingredients in a bowl; stir  well.    Trim fat from pork; rub pork with thyme mixture. Place in a shallow dish;  cover and chill 2 hours.    Coat a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray; add oil, and place over  medium-high heat until hot. Add pork; cook 4 minutes or until browned on  all sides. Add 1/4 cup chicken broth and 2 tablespoons vinegar to skillet;  bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 25 minutes or until meat  thermometer registers 160 degrees.    Remove pork from skillet; set aside, and keep warm.    Add remaining 1 cup chicken broth and brown sugar to skillet; bring to a  boil, and cook 5 minutes or until broth mixture is reduced to 1/2 cup.  Strain mixture, and discard solids.    Place cornstarch in a small saucepan; gradually add water, blending with a  wire whisk.    Stir in strained broth mixture and 1/4 cup Blackberry Mustard; bring to a  boil over medium heat, and cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove sauce  from heat; stir in remaining teaspoon minced thyme. Yield: 6 servings  (serving size: 3 ounces pork, 2 tablespoons sauce, and 2 tablespoons  blackberries).    Per serving: 140 Calories; 5g Fat (33% calories from fat); 19g Protein; 6g  Carbohydrate; 49mg Cholesterol; 361mg Sodium    NOTES : A dry marinade of sweet spices rubbed over the tenderloins makes  the blackberry sauce taste even sweeter. To serve, cut pork into  1/2-inch-thick slices. Spoon 2 tablespoons sauce onto each of 6 serving  plates, and arrange pork slices on top of sauce. Top with 2 tablespoons  blackberries, and garnish with fresh thyme sprigs, if desired.    Recipe by: Cooking Light, Jul/Aug 1994, page 71    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #432 by igor@digex.net on Jan 28, 1997.