Pork Tenderloin Chops with Horseradish Stuffed Baked Potatoe
Lowfat Sour Cream, salt and pepper, olive oil, Seasoned Breadcrumbs, Baking Potatoes, Prepared Horseradish, Pork Tenderloin Chops, Lowfat Milk, All-purpose flour, Butter or margarine, Fresh Chives, 
Maybe your Dad is a little spicier than others. Todays meat-and- potatoes  recipe in honor of our Fathers would be perfect fare for this  off-the-beaten-trail-type of Daddy-O.    Preheat oven to 400-F degrees and pierce freshly scrubbed potatoes several  times with a fork. Bake about 1 hour, or until crisp outside and cooked  through. Transfer to a baking sheet and cool 5 minutes.    Cut off the top third of each potato. Scoop out potato and place in a bowl,  making sure to leave a 1/4-inch thick shell. Scoop potato from tops and add  to same bowl, discarding the tops. Mash potato with half the sour cream,  half the horseradish, and the margarine. Season with salt and pepper to  taste. Spoon into potato shells, dividing equally. Place potatoes in baking  pan and bake about 20 minutes, or until heated through and golden brown.    Mix remaining sour cream and horseradish in a bowl and reserve. Spoon sour  cream topping on each twice-baked potato and sprinkle with chives. Serve  warm with the pork tenderloin chops as directed below.    Place pork tenderloins between two sheets of wax paper and pound lightly  with a mallet or other heavy flat object to flatten. Season with salt and  pepper to taste.    Put flour and breadcrumbs into separate shallow bowls. Pour milk into a  third bowl. Lightly dust pork with the flour, shaking off any excess flour.  Dip chop into the milk, and then dredge in breadcrumbs, pressing to adhere  if necessary.    Heat oil in a heavy nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. saute pork  tenderloin chops for 3 to 6 minutes per side until golden brown. Serve with  horseradish twice-baked potatoes.  Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Jun 4, 1998