Pork Tenderloin W/sauteed Onion and Fennel And Fennel Cream
Onion, Whipping cream, olive oil, Fennel, Garlic, Fennel fronds, Shallots, pork tenderloins, Dry white wine, Fennel seeds, Chicken broth, 
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a heavy large skillet over medium high  heat. Add 1 teaspoon crushed fennel seeds and stir until fragrant, about 30  seconds.  Reduce heat to medium low.  Stir in sliced fennel and onion and  saute until vegetables are very tender and caramelized, about 40 minutes.  Add 1 tablespoon minced garlic and saute until tender, about 5 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper.  (This can be prepared 1 day ahead.  Cover and  refrigerate.)    Preheat oven to 450.  Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in another heavy large  skillet over high heat.  Season pork tenderloins with salt and pepper.  Add  pork to skillet; cook until brown on all sides, about 10 minutes.  Transfer  pork to baking sheet; reserve drippings in the skillet.  Roast pork until  thermometer inserted into center registers 150, about 5 minutes.  (I like  my pork done well, so I cook abit longer making sure it is not pink  inside.)    Meanwhile add minced shallots and remaining 1 teaspoon of crushed fennel  seeds and 1 tablespoon garlic to the skillet with drippings; saute over  medium heat until shallots are tender, about 2 minutes.  Increase heat to  high.  Add white wine and boil until liquid is reduced to glaze, about 2  minutes.  Add chicken broth and whipping cream and boil until reduced to  sauce consistency, whisking often, about 5 minutes.  Season sauce to taste  with salt & pepper.    Rewarm fennel mixture (if prepared ahead) over medium heat until heated  through.  Divide fennel mixture among 4 plates.  Cut pork into 1/2" thick  rounds.  Arrange pork atop fennel.  Spoon sauce over pork.  Garnish with  fennel fronds.  Posted to FOODWINE Digest 15 November 96    Date:    Fri, 15 Nov 1996 14:32:36 -0500    From:    Laura Hunter <LHunter722@AOL.COM>    NOTES : Serve with Potato & Celery Root Puree.  (See Side Dishes -  Vegetables)