Pork Tenderloin W/port Pan Sauce, Cherries & Rosemary
Black Pepper, Pork Tenderloin, salt and pepper, Olive Oil, Non-fat Vegetable Chicken Broth, Salt, SAUCE, Port Wine, Fresh Rosemary, Dried Bing Cherries, 
To promote even cooking, cut your slices to a uniform thickness. If it  helps, lay a ruler in front of the loin and slice at the 1" marks. If  youve got one, cover the pan with a splatter shield to prevent spattering.    *NOTE: about 1 lb, silver skin removed, cut into 1" slices, each pounded to  3/4" with flat side of chefs knife blade **NOTE: Original recipe used 2  Tbsp olive oil. I used 1/2 tsp and a nonstick pan    For tenderloin: Sprinkle salt and pepper over both sides of pork slices.  Heat oil until shimmering in heavy-bottom pan, over med-high heat, swirling  pan to distribute oil. Working in batches of no more than six slices to  avoid overcrowding, sear medallions without moving them until brown on one  side, about 80 seconds (oil should sizzle, but not smoke). Turn medallions  with tongs to avoid scraping off the sear; sear until meat is mostly opaque  at sides, firm to the touch, and well browned, about 80 seconds. Transfer  pork to plate; continue with pan sauce recipe using drippings in pan.    Dried cranberries or chopped dried apricots can be substituted for the  cherries. For Sauce: Set pan in which pork was cooked over med-high heat;  add port and cherries. Boil, scraping pan bottom with wooden spatula to  loosed browned bits, until liquid reduces to about 2 Tbsp, 2 - 3 min.  Increase heat to high; add stock or broth, rosemary, any accumulated pork  juices; boil until liquid reaches consistency of maple syrup, about 2 min.  Add salt and pepper to taste.    Reduce heat to med; return pork to pan, turning meat to coat. Simmer to  heat pork through and blend flavors, about 3 min. Adjust seasonings, adding  salt and pepper to taste. Transfer pork to serving plate and spoon sauce  over meat. Serve immediately.    This was fabulous!! Very tasty and tender.    Entered into MasterCook and tested for you by Reggie & Jeff Dwork  <reggie@reggie.com>    NOTES : Cal 326.3, Fat 5.9g, Carb 26.2g, Fib 1.5g, Pro 36.5g, Sod 850mg,  CFF 17.6%.  Recipe by: Cooks Illustrated, Sept/Oct 1997    Posted to Digest eat-lf.v097.n002 by Reggie Dwork <reggie@reggie.com> on  Jan 02, 1998