Pork Stew in Red Chile Sauce (Asado De Chile Colorado)
Salt, Seco del norte chiles, Inch cinnamon stick, Garlic cloves; coarsely, Boneless pork shoulder;, Bay leaf; preferably Mexican, Boiling water, (heaped) crumbled dried, 
The following are from the April 1996 issue of Food & Wine in an article by  Diane Kennedy.    1.Arrange the pork in one or two layers in a wide, heavy, flameproof  casserole. Barely cover with water, and season with salt. Cover and cook  over moderate heat until almost tender, aobut 30 minutes. Drain off most of  the broth and reserve, adding enough water to make 2 1/2 cups. Continue to  cook the pork uncovered until the fat has been rendered and the meat is  slightly browned, about 5 minutes longer.    2.Meanwhile, using a small sharp knife, slit the chiles lenghtwise and  remove the stems, seeds adn veins. Cover with boiling water and set aside  to soak for 15 minutes. Drain.    3.Pour 1/3 cup of the reserved pork broth into a blender. Add the garlic,  cinnamon, bay leaf and oregano and blend until smooth. Add the mixture to  the pork in the casserole and fry for a few seconds.    4.Add 1 more cup of the reserved broth and the drained chiles, a few at a  time, to the blender and puree. Strain the chiles over the pork through a  fine-mesh sieve, pressing to extract as much of the flesh and juice as  possible. Fry the pork, scraping the bottom of the pan to prevent sticking,  for about 5 minutes longer.    5.Add the remaining pork broth to the casserole and cook over low heat  until the meat is tender and the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of  a wooden spon, about 1 hour. Season with salt. Serve warm.    (MAKE AHEAD: The stew can be refrigerated for up to 1 day. Rewarm over  moderately low heat.)    and cook over low heat until the meat is tender and the sauce is thick  enough to coat the back of a wooden spon, about 1 hour. Season with salt.  Serve warm.    (MAKE AHEAD: The stew can be refrigerated for up to 1 day. Rewarm over  moderately low heat.)  Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST by Judy Howle <howle@ebicom.net> on May 23,  1998