Hanoi Beef Noodle Sou (Pho Bo)
Basil Leaves, Beef Sirloin, Cilantro Leaves, Coarse salt, Black Pepper, Limes, Bird Chiles, Oxtails, Water, Star Anise, Cinnamon, Cloves, Black Peppercorns, Fresh ?, Onions, Beef Roast, Mung Bean Sprouts, Rice Noodles, Shallots, Fish Sauce, 
Place oxtails (or short ribs) in a large soup pot, cover with water and  bring to a a boil. Boil vigorously for 5 minutes, then drain. Rinse pot out  well, rinse off oxtails, then place back in pot.    Add 4 quarts water, star anise, cinnamon, cloves and peppercorns; bring to  a boil. Scorch ginger and onions (see note 1 below) ; add to pot. Once  water comes to a boil reduce heat to low and simmer gently, uncovered,  skimming off foam, for about 3 hours./ Add more water as needed to keep  oxtails covered.    Add bottom-round roast and simmer until very tender, about 2 hours longer,  adding more water as needed to keep meats covered. Remove roast and set  aside to cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, slice the beef against  the grain into paper thin slices. Set aside.    Remove soup from the heat and remove oxtails; discard or reserve for  another use. Line colander with a double layer of cheesecloth and strain  broth through cheesecloth into a clean bowl. Let cool slightly, the  refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 2 hours. Skim fat from top  of broth and discard. (Soup can be made ahead to this point. Store beef and  broth in separate covered containers in refrigerator for up to 2 days, or  freeze.)    Shortly before serving, bring a large pot of water to a boil for blanching  bean sprouts.    Place broth in a large pot and bring to a simmer. Season with fish sauce.  Simmer gently, partially covered, while preparing accompaniments.    Place bean sprouts in a sieve or colander and immerse in boiling water for  20 to 30 seconds. Rinse with cold water; set aside to drain. Bring water  back to a boil and drop in rice noodles. Cook just until softened but not  mushy, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Drain and rinse with cold water; set aside.    Divide noodles among 6 large bowls. Top with a generous pinch of been  sprouts, a few shallots, several basil leaves, slices of cook beef and  slices of raw sirloin or tender loin. Ladle hot broth over (the heat of the  broth will cook the raw meat). Sprinkle with cilantro. Each guest should be  provided with a spoon and a pair of chopsticks, as well as a small side  plate with a generous pile of salt, another of black pepper beside it, and  a lime wedge or two. Guests can squeeze a little lime juice, blend together  salt and pepper in the proportion they wish, then use the mixture as a  condiment for the beef slices. Set out small dishes of chiles, remaining  herbs, shallots and bean sprouts.    NOTE 1 -- To scorch ginger and onion -- If you have a gas burner, use tongs  to hold ginger and onion pieces in the flame until charred. If you have an  electric burner, heat a dry heavy cast-iron skillet over high heat. Add  ginger and onion pieces and turn until blackened on all sides.    NOTES : Recipe by Jeffrey Alford & Naomi Duguid    Authors Note: In Vietnam, beef bones, unlike pork bones, are believed to  need washing before using; the recipe starts the traditional way, with  instructions for boiling the oxtails then discarding the water and starting  to make the stock.    Nutritional info by Eating Well Mag.    370 calories per serving; 13 grams protein, 4 grams fat (1.5 grams  saturated fat), 70 grams carbohydrate; 850 mg sodium; 32 mg cholesterol; 1  gram fiber.    Recipe by: Eating Well Mag. Jan/Feb 1997    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by Irene DiGiuseppe <irene@bmd.clis.com> on Oct 31,  1998, 