Hamburger-Cheese Bake
Ground beef, Onion, Tomato Sauce, Granulated sugar, Salt, Garlic salt, Black pepper, Medium Noodles, Low-Fat Cottage Cheese, Low-Fat Cream Cheese, Low-fat Sour Cream, Green Onion, Green Bell Pepper, Parmesan Cheese, 
Okay, this is Casserole Making-101, and if youre looking for a recipe to  prepare for dinner tonight that will taste "just the way Mom used to make  it," follow the directions listed below and bring your appetite. It must  have amazed you how a pound of hamburger could be stretched to serve eight,  right? The recipe that follows is how Mom made it easy.    Now, lets say you like the idea of todays recipe, but the extra 5 miles  youll have to jog, swim, or roller blade after partaking of this feast  doesnt enthuse you? Then substitute ground turkey for the hamburger, and  use low-fat cottage cheese, cream cheese, and sour cream, and get cooking .  . . because this is the one-dish meal from The Cook & Kitchen Staffs  "Creative Casserole" collection that is a must-serve.    In a large skillet, brown the hamburger with the onion over medium heat  setting until the meat is lightly browned and the onion is tender. Drain  off excess fat and return to the skillet. Stir in tomato sauce, sugar,  salt, garlic salt, and pepper. Remove meat sauce from heat and reserve.    Meanwhile, cook the noodles as directed on the package, drain, and reserve.    In a small bowl combine cottage cheese, cream cheese, sour cream, green  onions and green bell pepper.    Spread about half of the noodles in a 13-inch by 9-inch oven-proof baking  pan. Spread about half the meat sauce evenly over the top of the noodles.  Cover with cheese mixture. Add the remaining noodles and top with the  remaining meat sauce. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and bake in a  pre-heated 350-F degree oven for about 30 minutes.    Great served with a leafy salad and garlic bread.    Posted to dailyrecipe@recipe-a-day.com by Recipe-a-Day  <recipe-a-day@bignetwork.com> on Sep 18, 1998, converted by MM_Buster  v2.0l.