Porterhouse Steak in a Skillet
Porterhouse steak, Butter, Black pepper, olive oil, Juice of 1/2 lemon, 
1. A good thick (1 to 1 1/2 inch) porterhouse easily will feed two to four  people, unless they are starving lumberjacks or threshers. So buy one steak  for every two (or four) people, the day before you plan to cook it. It  benefits by spending a day in a    2. Pour 1/4 cup of the best quality olive oil over eack steak, along with a  generous grind of coarse black pepper. Let the steak marinate,  refrigerated, for 8 to 12 hours, turningoccasionally.  If the steak is  frozen, it may take as long as 24 hours to th    3. When you are ready for the best steak that youve ever eaten, heat that  black iron skillet over high heat until its almost red hot. I use an old  Wagner skillet thats 11 inches across with the ridges on the bottom that  give those great grill marks to    4. Put the steak in the hot skillet and stand back! Its going to sizzle  some, and smoke a little - it could even set off your smoke alarm. Cook the  steak for about 2 minutes, then turn it 90 degrees and cook another 2  minutes. Turn the steak and repeat t    5. If a steak is to be cooked past the rare stage, turn the heat down after  the second position so that the outside wont char before the inside is  cooked to the desired degree ofdoneness. When the steak is well seared,  with a nice crust on one side, tur    6. Remove the cooked steak to a heated serving platter.  Remove the pan  from the heat to cool slightly, then return to low heat and add 2  tablespoons butter and the juice of half a lemon to make a simple  lemon-butter sauce that adds a nice zip to the flav    7. If you are using a black iron skillet with the ridges on the bottom,  stirring with a basting brush will help mix the lemon butter and, at the  same time, incorporate the steak drippings that have drained down between  the ridges of the skillet. Pour the    Appeared in the San Antonio Express 3/27/96    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #162    Date: Sat, 20 Jul 1996 10:40:48 -0600    From: Shirley Jordan <shirleyj@pacificrim.net>    Recipe By     : Merle Ellis, The Butcher column