Portobello Polenta Pie
POLENTA, Salt, Polenta, Mozzarella cheese; grated, olive oil, Garlic, Chopped fresh basil, Sugar, Unsalted butter, Chopped fresh basil, Soft fresh goat cheese;, Dry Red Wine, Chopped fresh thyme, Portobello mushrooms;, Parmesan cheese; freshly, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Water, Crushed tomatoes; with juice, Chopped pitted olives;, salt and pepper, Garlic, MARINARA SAUCE, FILLING, 
To make the sauce: Heat the oil in heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the  chopped garlic and stir until golden, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted  spoon, remove and discard the garlic. Add the tomatoes and basil to the  saucepan. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Bring to simmer, reduce heat  to low and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the wine and  simmer for 5 minutes.    Puree the sauce in a processor or blender. Adjust seasoning with salt,  pepper and sugar. To make the polenta: Butter a 9- inch glass baking pan.  Melt the butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and  saute until golden, about 3 minutes. Add the water and salt and bring to a  boil. Slowly add the polenta in a continuous stream, whisking constantly.  Reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring, until the polenta is very thick,  about 20 minutes. Pour into the prepared baking pan, building up the sides  slightly.    Position the broiler rack at least 8 inches from the heat source; preheat  the broiler.    Or preheat oven to 400 degrees.    To make the filling: Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet over medium  heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Spoon over  the polenta. Sprinkle with the olives, basil, thyme, goat cheese, the  Marinara Sauce, mozzarella and Parmesan.    Broil until the cheese is fully melted and golden brown, watching carefully  to avoid burning.    Or bake until the cheese melts, about 20 minutes.    Let stand for 5 minutes before cutting into squares and serving.    Serves 4 to 6. PER SERVING: 370 calories, 14 g protein, 25 g carbohydrate,  24 g fat (10 g saturated), 40 mg cholesterol, 867 mg sodium, 3 g fiber.    Recipes from Article, "Rainy-Night Suppers: Ten top chefs create sunny  Mediterranean dishes..." by Robin Davis, Chronicle Staff Writer, Wednesday,  February 18, 1998 (C) 1998 San Francisco Chronicle. URL:    Notes: This deliciously homey dish comes from chef Kerry Heffernan of  Autumn Moon Cafe in Oakland. She recommends serving it with a simple salad.    Recipe by: Kerry Heffernan, Autumn Moon Cafe, Oakland (1998)    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 18,  1998