Portuguese Pork and Garbanzo Bean Sopa
Garlic, Dried oregano, or more, Onions, diced, No-salt-added whole, Chopped parsley, for garnish, Cornbread, sliced, Sun-dried tomatoes, coarsely, Vegetable oil spray, Salt, Golden raisins, or less, Pork tenderloin, cubed, Water as needed, Garbanzo beans, cooked,, Green olives, coarsely, Black Pepper, Fat-free chicken broth,, Madeira, or sherry, 
For best results use fresh garlic: 467 cals per 1-1/2 cup serving of stew  (16.7% CFF; 8.8 gm total fat). Estimated by MasterCook Ver. 3.03; assuming  that the garbanzo beans are cooked without meat.    Cooks Notes: Allow about 60 minutes, start to finish. The tomotoes need  time to cook down and mellow. Recipe rescales easily (half, quarter,  double).    TRIM all fat from the piece of pork and cut into 1/4-inch slices, then cut  into cubes. Spray a soup pot or dutch oven (5 to 6 qt) with olive oil and  place over medium-high heat. Season the pork with pepper and sear in  batches, taking care not to overcrowd, until well browned. As the pieces  brown, remove them to a bowl and set aside.    Reduce the heat to medium, add the onions, a little salt, and several  tablespoons of water or the broth or the wine if needed for moisture, and  cook for 8 minutes or until softened. Add the garlic to the sofrito and  cook for about 1 minute to warm.    Add the tomatoes (plum preferred), chicken stock, Madeira or sherry,  garbanzo beans, oregano, and olives, and reserved pork. Bring to a boil.  Cover, reduce the heat, and simmer for 15 minutes to 20 minutes, stirring  occasionally, adding water if needed.    Add the raisins, chopped sun-dried tomatoes and the parsley. Stir, simmer,  uncovered, for 5 minutes. Taste and correct the seasonings (salt, pepper,  oregano, a few drops of olive oil). Continue cooking for 5 to 10 more  minutes, until the broth looses the taste of raw tomatoes. Serve at once in  soup bowls with a bread sticks, pita, crusty peasant bread, or oven-dried  croutons.    The Healthy Indulgences Cookbook is published by William Morrow. Copyright  (c) 1995 by Lynn Fischer. Companion cookbook to the PBS-TV series. Pat  Hanneman (Ed.), MasterCook. Reprinted at ELF mail 12/10/96.  Posted to Digest eat-lf.v096.n244    Recipe by: Pat Hanneman (1996)    From: PATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>    Date: Tue, 10 Dec 1996 14:08:41 -0800