Pot Stickers (Gardenburger)
Grated gingerroot; up to 1, Vegetable oil spray; cooled, Gardenburger? patty; sauteed, Round pot sticker wrappers, Part hoisin sauce, Green onions; finely chopped, Parts rice wine vinegar, Hoisin sauce, Cayenne pepper; or to taste, Waterchestnuts; finely, DIPPING SAUCE, Chinese cabbage; finely, Bean sprouts; (mung), Peanut or other oil; as, 
Heat a skillet or grillpan to medium. Spray each side of a patty. Then  grill patties over medium to medium-low heat; grill both sides (about 8  mins total). Cool; coarsely chop into 1/4-inch pieces. Makes about 1 cup.    Combine diced Gardenburger? with shredded cabbage, bean sprouts, green  onions, ginger, hoisin, water chestnuts and cayenne, if desired.    Place 2 tsp. of filling in the center of the wonton wrapper, moisten edges  with water or a little beaten egg and seal. If using square wonton wraps,  make triangles. If using round wraps, crimp edges with crimping tool, pot  sticker Folder?, fork or fingers. Make sure they are well sealed!. Protect  filled wontons from drying out by covering with damp paper towel.    To cook pot stickers, oil (spray or the peanut oil) may be needed to  prevent sticking.    In a large non-stick skillet, arrange pot stickers flat side down (or one  triangle side down) and cook in batches of 6-12 but don?t overcrowd the  pan. Heat carefully with oil over medium low heat until undersides are  golden brown. Then add 1/2 cup water and cover with a loose-fitting lid to  generate steam. Once water is evaporated (4-6 minutes) the pot stickers  will be ready to serve.    Serve with dipping sauce of vinegar and hoisin. Garnish with chinese  mustard, sesame seeds, and/or chili oil.    Notes: Makes 30 Pot Stickers; Serving size: 2 pot stickers. TESTED 12/30/97  as a meal for 4 - side dishes were steamed rice and stir-fry bok choy with  broccoli, carrots, etc.; and crispy noodles. We doubled the amount of  vegetable filling -- except the patties (just 2) of "Veggie-Medley" flavor;  substituted jicama for waterchestnuts; used 2 tsp of fresh ginger; about  1/8 tsp. cayenne, maybe more. Very good. PER 2 STICKERS: 81 cals, 1.3 fat  (14.6%)    ABOUT Gardenburger? Veggie MedleyTM; PER SERVING: Size 71 gm or 2.5 oz.  patty; Calories 100; Calories from Fat 0; Total Fat 0gm; Cholesterol 0mg;  Sodium 280mg; Total Carbohydrate 17gm; Dietary Fiber 3gm; Sugars 2gm;  Protein 6gm.    Gardenburger? Veggie MedleyTM ingredients: Vegetables (onions, mushrooms,  carrots, broccoli, red and yellow bell peppers, ANAHEIM CHILIES), cooked  brown rice, egg whites, soy cheese (filtered water, crushed organic  soybeans, casein (milk protein), canola oil (expeller pressed), natural and  cultured flavorings, maltodextrin, sodium and calcium phosphates, salt,  citric acid, carrageenan, beta carotene) bulgur wheat, rolled oats, sea  salt, autolyzed yeast extract, garlic, tapioca starch, spices, vegetable  gum. $$ package of 4.    Busted by kitPath href= http://www.foodshow.com/ >visitors window  >gardenburger exhibit. See also >http://www.gardenburger.com    Recipe by: Gardenburger Home Page Exhibit Directory    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #975 by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on  Dec 30, 1997