Pot Stickers (Huo Tip)
Cabbage (1/2 cup cooked and, SEASONING, White vinegar, Green onion, chopped, Tientsin Preserved Vegetable, Hot spiced oil, Thin soy sauce, DIP, Salt, Flour *, Water *, Chicken Stock, Sugar, Lean ground pork, Cornstarch, Oyster sauce, White wine, Chopped ginger, Thin soy sauce, Dash of pepper, Vegetable oil, 
Combine flour and cold water in large mixing bowl. Mix thoroughly to form  dough.  Cover with damp cloth; let stand for 20 minutes. *    Cook cabbage 2 minutes in boiling water.  Rinse in cold water, and drain.  Squeeze dry of all excess moisture. Chop fine; set aside.    Place the ground pork, chopped green onion, chopped ginger, and preserved  vegetables together on chopping board. Mix and chop with the clever for  approximately 15 strokes.    Add "seasoning" and the cabbage to the pork mixture and mix thoroughly.    After dough has set for 20 minutes, knead it for 1 minute and then form  into 2 to 3 rolls, approximately 1-1/2 inch in diameter. Cut each roll of  dough into slice 1-1/2 inch thick.    With a small rolling pin, or heel of hand, flatten each piece of dough into  a thin patty, 3 inch in diameter. Place 1/4 tablespoon of the pork mixture  in the center of each patty. Fold in half, and seal the edges by pressing  firmly together with your fingers. (Help ready-made skins to seal by  applying egg white to the edges.)    Set each pot sticker with the straight edge on a platter, pressing firmly  so as to form a flat base. Each pot sticker should be made to stand  upright, rather than allowed to rest flat on its side.    Heat frying pan and add 2 tablespoon oil.  On medium heat, pan-fry pot  stickers.  Cook on the base surface only. Pan-fry 2 minutes, until the base  side is nicely browned.    Add 1 cup chicken stock to the pot stickers.  Cover and cook over medium  heat for approximately 7 minutes, until most of the chicken stock is  absorbed.  Remove to platter.    Mix thin soy sauce, hot spiced oil, and white vinegar to use as condiment  for Pot Stickers.    * Pot sticker skins can be purchased at Chinese groceries.    SOURCE: Chopstick, Cleaver and Wok.    