Pot-Au-Feu (Mf)
Bay leaf, Salt, OPTIONAL ACCOMPANIMENTS, BOUQUET GARNI WRAPPED IN, Cloves peeled garlic, Chopped parsley for garnish, VEGETABLES, Carrots, peeled and halved, Sprig fresh thyme (or dried), Horseradish, White turnips, peeled, cut, Cornichons, Beef short ribs, cut into, Whole black peppercorns, Water, or stock (3-4qt), Parsley sprigs, Carrots, peeled-- cut in 1, Tomatoes, chopped, Parsley vinaigrette, Mustard, Onions, peeled, stuck with, Boiling potatoes, scrubbed, Garlic mayonnaise, Cabbage, cored, cut into, 
In an 10 to 12 quart stock pot or soup kettle combine beef with short ribs  and cover with stock or water by 4 inches. Bring to a boil over moderate  heat; as the stock begins to boil, carefully skim all foam and scum from  surface and discard. Reduce heat to low, skim again, then add onions,  carrots, tomatoes and bouquet garni. Skim again; cover the pot, leaving the  lid ajar and simmer as slowly as possible, skimming on occasion. Cook for 2  to hours or until meat is almost tender. Remove meats. Strain the liquid  through a sieve lined with dampened double layer of cheesecloth. Discard  seasoning vegetables and bouquet garni; remove surface fat. (If you do this  on one day, before you finish the dish, store meat and liquid separately.)    Transfer stock to a clean pot. Return the meat to the liquid along with the  carrots and turnips. Bring the liquid to a boil, season with salt and  pepper and simmer for 30 minutes or until carrots, turnips and meats are  tender. Meanwhile boil the potatoes separately (when done, leave in water  off heat) and steam cabbage wedges separately for 8 minutes or until just  tender.    To serve, degrease the liquid and season with salt and pepper. Remove meat  from liquid, discard strings and carve into 1/4-inch slices, remove short  rib bones and cut into chunks. Transfer slices of meat, a portion of  potatoes, cabbage, carrots, turnips into a deep soup plate. Ladle liquid  over the top and garnish with parsley; serve as main course soup.    Or, serve soup liquid first, garnished with parsley and serve meat,  vegetables, potatoes and carrots as a second course, accompanied by 1 or  more accompaniments and a good French bread.    Yield: 8 servings Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights  Reserved  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #348    Recipe by: COOKING MONDAY TO FRIDAY SHOW #MF6744    From: 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail)    Date: Fri, 20 Dec 1996 17:35:17 -0500