Pot Roast with Vegetables
Water, Cornstarch dissolved in 1, Canned crushed tomatoes, Bay leaf, Carrots, cut diagonally into, Vegetable oil, Brown Sugar, Small red potatoes, peeled, Red-wine vinegar, Minced fresh parsley leaves, Garlic cloves, chopped fine, Boneless chuck roast (3 1/2, Onions, chopped fine, 
In a large heavy flameproof casserole heat the oil over moderately high  heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the beef, patted dry  and seasoned with salt and pepper, on all sides. Transfer the beef to a  plate, add the onions and the garlic to the casserole, and cook the mixture  over moderate heat, stirring, until the onions are golden. Stir in the  tomatoes, the vinegar, the brown sugar, the bay leaf, and the water, bring  the mixture to a boil, and add the beef. Braise the beef, covered, in a  preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour, add the carrots, and braise the  mixture, covered, for 30 minutes. Add the potatoes, drained if necessary,  and braise the mixture, covered, for 30 minutes, or until the beef and the  vegetables are tender. The pot roast may be prepared up to this point 2  days in advance, cooled, uncovered, and chilled, covered.    Discard any solidified fat before reheating the pot roast. Transfer the  beef with slotted spoons to a cutting board and let it stand for 10  minutes. Skim the fat from the top of the cooking mixture and bring the  mixture to a boil. Stir the cornstarch mixture and add enough of it to the  boiling cooking mixture, stirring, to thicken the gravy to the desired  consistency. Simmer the gravy mixture, stirring occasionally, for 2  minutes, season it with salt and pepper, and discard the bay leaf. Slice  two thirds of the beef, arrange it on a heated platter, and transfer the  vegetables with one of the slotted spoons to the platter. Spoon some of the  gravy over the beef and serve the rest of the remaining gravy on the side.  Garnish the beef with the parsley.    NOTES : Cooking Live Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #CL8804    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #387 by Angele Freeman <jfreeman@netusa1.net>  on Jan 25, 1997.