Postrios Roasted Rack of Lamb with Black Olive Sauce
Salt and black pepper, Lamb racks, 8 chops each **, Black peppercorns, Garlic cloves, peeled and, Pitted Nicoise olives, Shallots, peeled and chopped, Salt and black pepper, Demi-glace *, SAUCE, Rosemary sprig, Rosemary sprig, leaves, ** chine bones and fat, Unsalted butter, Red wine, tomato, diced, olive oil, * (or good quality lamb or, Madeira, THE LAMB, 
Postrios is a swank SF eatery.  Ive never been there, but the place  gets rave reviews.  This recipe is from chef Anne Gingrass.  The  olive sauce in this lamb dish looks very interesting.  Might be a  good choice for the festive season rushing upon us.    The sauce:  Saute the garlic, shallots lots and peppercorns in 1  tablespoon butter until lightly browned, Add the Madeira and red  wine, rosemary and tomato.  Simmer until reduced by two-thirds,  leaving about 1 cup total.    Add the demi-glace and return to a boil.  Whisk in remaining butter a  little at a time until it is incorporated.  If you wish a thicker,  richer sauce, add more butter.  Strain sauce through a fine strainer,  then transfer to a blender.  Add half the olives and puree until  almost smooth. Roughly chop the remaining olives and add to the  sauce.  Season with salt and pepper to taste.  Set aside in a warm  place until serving time.    The lamb:  Rub racks well with olive oil and season with salt, pepper  and rosemary.  Let come to room temperature.    Heat a roasting pan or large saute pan until very hot.  Add a few  drops oil and sear the lamb racks in it on all sides until brown.  Place the racks bone side down in the hot pan and transfer to a 400F  oven. Roast to medium rare, or to desired doneness, 10 to 20 minutes.    Let lamb rest for 15 minutes, then slice into 8 chops per rack. Serve  4 chops to a plate (nap napped with a bit of sauce) with garlic mashed  potatoes and lightly cooked vegetables of your choice.    Makes 4 servings.    PER SERVING:  1,030 calories, 88 g protein, 8 g carbohydrates, 57 g  fat (27 g saturated@), 328 mg cholesterol, 382 mg sodium, I g fiber.    San Francisco Chronicle, 7/8/92.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 19 1992.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip