Pot Stickers (Vegetarian)
Salt, Unbleached white flour, Whole wheat pastry flour, Warm water, Low sodium soy sauce, Plus, Onion, green cabbage, celery, green onion, ginger root, Garlic, Cooking sherry, Mushrooms, cilantro, 
Date: Thu, 14 Mar 96 08:54:04 EST    From: "Shari L. Clayton" <Shari_L._Clayton@dsmllp.com>  In large bowl, combine flours and water. Knead 15 minutes, adding more  flour to water to create a smooth, pliable dough. Cover dough tightly with  plastic wrap and let rest for 20 minutes.    Heat sherry in wok over medium heat. Stir-fry onion and cabbage until limp.  Add remaining pot sticker ingredients. Cook, stirring for 2 minutes. Remove  mixture from heat and place in colander to drain excess moisture.    Divide dough into 24 small balls. On a lightly floured board, flatten each  ball of dough into a 3-4 inch circle. Fill each circle with about 1 T  filling. Fold circle into half moon shape; pinch edges to seal.    Lightly coat two large nonstick skillets (or work in batches with one  skillet) with vegetable cooking spray. Set over medium heat. When hot, add  pot stickers, seam side up, flattening slightly on the bottom.    When the bottoms of pot stickers are golden brown, add 1/2 C water per pan.  Cover and steam for 20 minutes.  Makes 24 pot stickers.    Per pot sticker: 4 cal, 2 G protein, 0.7 G fat, 8 G carb, 0 chol, 1 G fiber    NOTES : I usually use pot sticker "skins" found in the produce section of  my local supermarket - this is probably not as healthy as the way outlined  above, as Im sure they are made with all white flour, and I dont know the  fat content, but it does save time, and they do an adequate job of holding  the filling.    Also, you can freeze the "raw" pot stickers in a single layer on a cookie  sheet, and when solidly frozen, transfer to ziplocs or a tupperware. Be  Sure They are Solidly Frozen, or you will end up with pot stickers en masse  (trust me). To cook, just plop the frozen pot stickers in a pan and proceed  as usual.    MC-RECIPE@MASTERCOOK.COM    MASTERCOOK RECIPES LIST SERVER    From the MasterCook recipe list.  Downloaded from G Internet,  G Internet.