Potato and Herb Stuffed Bread
Sized potatoes, All-purpose flour, Ground coriander, Kosher salt, Indian vegetable shortening, Ground cumin, FOR THE BREAD, FOR STUFFING, Cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Chopped fresh coriander, Warm water, about 90 to 100, Flour for dusting, Melted indian vegetable, Chapati flour or whole wheat, 
Stuffing: Boil the potatoes in their jackets until very soft. Peel and mash  them thoroughly. Add the remaining stuffing ingredients. Mix well and set  aside. This filling can be prepared ahead and refrigerated for a day. There  is no need to warm the stuffing before filling the bread.    To prepare the bread: Combine flours with salt in a bowl. Reserve about 1  teaspoon of shortening, and rub the remainder into the flour, with your  finger tips until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add most of the water  to form a mass. Slowly add more water tablespoons at a time until dough  forms. Brush the work surface and your hands with the reserved teaspoon of  fat. Place the dough on the greased surface, and knead for 10 to 15  minutes. This will be a very soft and pliable dough. Put back in bowl and  cover with a moist towel or a sheet of plastic wrap and let it rest,  preferably in a warm place, for at least      1/2    hour.    Divide the bread dough and the filling into 12 equal portions. Take one  piece dough and flatten it into a 4-inch round pillow with your hands.  Depress the center slightly and place a portion of the filling into the  depression. Bring the sides of the dough over the filling and enclose it  completely. Press lightly but firmly to flatten it into a pillow, either  between your hands or the work board. With your fingers, pinch the edges  slightly, so that the filling is in the center and not near the edge where  it could break through the dough. Cover with plastic wrap or a moist towel  to prevent drying.    Pick up each pattie and dust with flour. Firmly pat the pattie to make  filling adhere to dough. Roll out to a 6-inch circle dusting with flour as  you go, to prevent sticking. Cover with plastic wrap or moist towel.    Heat the griddle or frying pan cook each bread for 2 minutes or until brown  spots begin to appear. Flip the bread over and cook for 30 seconds. Brush  lightly but thoroughly with melted shortening or oil and cook on original  side for 30 seconds. Brush other side and flip again. Keep warm in a  covered dish or tightly wrapped with foil.    Note: They can also be made several hours ahead and reheated in a 300  degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes.    Recipe by: Cooking Live Show #8886 (2) Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #629  by "Angele and Jon Freeman" <jfreeman@netusa1.net> on May 31, 1997