Potato and Onion Casserole
Salad oil, Potatoes; (abt 2 pounds), Onions; (1 lb each), Salt, Hard-cooked large eggs, Sour cream, Coarsely ground black pepper, milk, Salt, SOUR CREAM PASTRY, All purpose flour, Shortening, All-purpose flour, Cold water, 
1. Prepare Sour-Cream Pastry; set aside.    2.Peel andthinly slice potatoes. In 4-quart saucepan over high heat, heat  potatoes and enough water to cover to boiling. Reduce heat to low; cover  and simmer 5 minutes; drain.    3. Meanwhile, cut onions into 1/4-inch-thick slices. In 12-inch skillet  over medium-high heat, in hot salad oil, cook onions until very tender and  golden brown, stirring often, about 15 minutes.    4. Into skillet with onions, stir flour, salt, and pepper. Gradually stir  in 2 1/4 cups milk and cook, stirring constantly, until sauce boils and  thickens slightly. Remove skillet from heat.    5. Shell eggs; cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Preheat oven to 425 degrees  F. Lightly grease deep 2 1/2-quart casserole. In casserole, layer half of  potatoes, eggs, and onion mixture. Repeat.    6. On lightly floured surface, with floured rolling pin, roll Sour-Cream  Pastry 1 inch larger all around than top of casserole. Using pastry wheel  or knife, cut pastry into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Place half of strips about  1/4 inch apart over filling. Repeat with remaining strips, placing them at  right angles to first ones to make lattice design. Trim strips, leaving  1-inch overhang. Fold overhang under to make an edge. Brush lattice top and  edge with 1 tablespoon milk.    7. Bake pie 40 minutes or until filling is hot and bubbly, potatoes are  tender, and crust is golden. Cover casserole with foil after 25 minutes if  necessary to prevent overbrowning. 8 servings. SOUR-CREAM PASTRY: In bowl,  mix 1 cup all-purpose flour and 1/2 teaspoon salt. With pastry blender or  two knives used scissor-fashion, cut in 1/3 cup shortening until mixture  resembles coarse crumbs. With fork, stir in 1/4 cup sour cream and 1  tablespoon cold water until dough holds together. Shape dough into ball;  wrap with plastic wrap. Each serving: About 390 calories, 20 g fat, 171 mg  cholesterol, 760 mg sodium. jmerrill@prodigy.com  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1063 by "M. Hicks" <nitro_ii@email.msn.com>  on Jan 30, 1998