Potato and Wild Mushroom Gratin
Waxy potatoes; scrubbed and, Fresh thyme leaves or 1, Boiling water, Garlic cloves; minced or put, Gruyere or Parmesan cheese;, olive oil, Dried cepes; (porcini, Red wine; such as a Cotes du, Fresh wild mushrooms; if, Salt to taste, Freshly ground pepper; to, 
A week or so ago we had a thread on potato gratin dishes. My local paper,  the Charleston, SC Post and Courier had an article today on the local Heart  Ball, which is supposed to be a fund-raiser for the Heart Association. They  had this recipe on Potato and Wild Mushroom Gratin which looks great and is  supposed to be healthy, too!    You can view the whole article for more recipes at  http://www.charleston.net/pub/entertain/food/hea0218.htm    Here are a few of the recipes for dishes that will be served at the Heart  Ball. If you cant find fresh wild mushrooms for this recipe, omit them and  use the dried cepes (porcini mushrooms) only.    Place the dried mushrooms in a bowl and pour on the boiling water. Let sit  for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the mushrooms are softened. Drain through a  cheesecloth-lined strainer over a bowl and squeeze the mushrooms over the  strainer. Rinse thoroughly to remove the grit, squeeze dry and chop  coarsely. reserve the soaking liquid.    Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Rub the inside of a 3-quart gratin dish  with the cut clove of garlic.    Combine the fresh wild mushrooms and salt in a large, heavy-bottomed,  nonstick skillet and heat over medium-high heat until they begin to release  water, about 1 minute. Cook, shaking the pan or stirring with a wooden  spoon, for 5 minutes, until most of the liquid has evaporated. (If fresh  wild mushrooms are unavailable, omit this step altogether.)    Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil (or heat the olive oil in a nonstick  skillet if you dont have fresh wild mushrooms), the chopped dried  mushrooms, the remaining garlic and the thyme, and continue to cook,  stirring, for another 2-3 minutes, until the garlic is fragrant and  beginning to color. Add the red wine and pepper and cook for a minute,  stirring, until the wine has been absorbed. Remove from the heat and toss  with the sliced potatoes. Add more pepper if desired.    Arrange the potatoes and mushrooms in an even layer in the prepared dish.  Measure out 3 cups of the mushroom-soaking liquid and season with 1  teaspoon salt (or more or less, to taste). Pour it over the potatoes. Bake  for about 1-2 hours, until the potatoes are tender and the top is crusty.  Every 20 minutes, stir the potatoes from the bottom up to the top. When the  top is beginning to color, after about an hour and 15 minutes, sprinkle the  cheese and remaining olive oil over the top. Continue to bake until the top  is browned, 15 to 30 minutes.    Advance preparation: The gratin can be assembled several hours before  baking. The mushrooms can be prepared a day or two ahead of time and held  in the refrigerator.    Nutrition information per serving: 274 calories, 6 grams fat, 406  milligrams sodium, 8 grams protein, 49 grams carbohydrate, 5 milligrams  cholesterol.    From "Provencal Light," by Martha Rose Shulman (Bantam, 1994).    Posted to EAT-L Digest  by Roger Young <ryoung@AWOD.COM> on Feb 18, 1998