Potato Crusted Scallops with Fondue Piquante
Onions, Chopped green bell peppers, White pepper, White potatoes; peeled and, Dijon mustard, Long chives, Seeded and minced jalapeno, Peeled; seeded, and chopped, olive oil, Chopped fresh thyme, Chopped fresh oregano, Bay Leaves, Chicken Stock, Celery, Salt and cayenne, Essence, Heavy cream, Sea scallops, Garlic, 
EMERIL LIVE SHOW #EMIA16    In a nonreactive saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. When the  oil is hot, add the onions peppers, celery, jalapenos, garlic, thyme, and  oregano. Season with salt and cayenne. Saute for 2 minutes. Add the  tomatoes, bay leaves and stock. Bring the liquid up to a boil and reduce to  a simmer. Cook the sauce for 20 minutes. Remove the sauce from the heat.  Using a hand-held blender, puree the sauce until smooth. Add the heavy  cream and puree until incorporated. Reseason the sauce if needed. Using the  Suzy Wong Threader, thread the potatoes through the machine, forming long  curls of the potato. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper. Season the  scallops with Essence. Rub each scallop with 1/2 teaspoon of the Dijon  mustard. Fold four linen cloths in half. Divide the threaded potatoes  between the four cloths. Divide the individual piles of potatoes in half.  So you should have eight piles of threaded potatoes divided between four  linen cloths. Place the scallops in the center of the potato piles. Wrap  each scallop with the potatoes, covering the scallops completely. Tightly  wrap the potato wrapped scallops up in the linen cloth. This will help the  potatoes from discoloring too much. In a large saute pan, heat the  remaining olive oil. When the oil is hot, pan-fry the potatoes for 3  minutes on each side or until the potatoes are golden brown. Remove the  potatoes from the pan and drain on a paper-lined plate. Season with salt  and pepper. To assemble, spoon a small pool of the sauce in the center each  plate. Lay two potato crusted scallops in the center of the sauce. Garnish  with long chives.    Yield: 4 servings    Posted to recipelu-digest by molony <molony@scsn.net> on Mar 16, 1998