Potato Crusted Breast of Chicken
chicken breasts, Cajun seasoning, Creole mustard, Potato, Crawfish Etoufee Sauce, Sweet potato, 
Just got back from the Disney Institute again and as always, I had a  marvelous time. You guys have got to go! I took: Imagineering!, Radio  Drama, Outdoor Photography, Celebrations!, Boxing Aerobics, Animation  Sampler, Romantic Dinners, Canoe Adventures and Taste of the Word: Bayou.    Taste of the World: Bayou: The Taste of the World class focuses on a  specific cultures recipes. This time we try Cajun and Creole recipes from  the Louisiana area. We distinguished the difference between Cajun and  Creole foods as well as discovered origins of other native recipes. The  class started of with a blackening demonstration followed by samples of  blackened catfish. YUMMY! Hold on to your taste buds!    Preheat oven to 350 degree F.    Season chicken breast with salt on both sides. With pastry brush, brush one  side of the breast with Creole mustard and sprinkle mixture of shredded  potatoes (be sure to cover as much of the breast as possible). Turn breast  over and repeat process.    Heat 1 Tblsp. of olive oil in a saute pan. Once the oil is hot, carefully  add the potatoe crusted breast to the pan. Cook for 2-3 minutes on each  side until potatoes are golden brown.    Once the potatoes are browned, remove the chicken from the skillet and  place on a baking dish. Place baking dish into oven until fully cooked  (internal temperature of 180 degree F).    Prepare Etoufee sauce and pour onto plate. Carefully remove the potato  crusted chicken breast and place into the center of the plate.    Decorate with a pinch of cajun seasoning.    Note: If you dont like sweet potatoes, omit and double up on regular  potatoes. Trust me, it was so good, you probably wont even notice them.  One gentleman in the class actually through his meal out rather than try a  taste.    Posted to EAT-L Digest 16 Dec 96    From:    TeAntae Turner <tturner@DIEHLGRAPHSOFT.COM>    Date:    Tue, 17 Dec 1996 14:02:41 -0500