Potato Onion Galette
Potatoes, peeled, diced in, Unsalted butter, Fresh thyme, chopped, Pepper, Vegetable oil, Egg Wash, Parmesan cheese, Recipe Pate Brisee, Onions (about 1 1/4 pounds),, Kosher salt, 
*Egg wash (lightly beaten egg with 1 teaspoon milk) Make the pate brisee  and roll into a cylinder. Chill for 1/2 hour or up to 3 days.    Heat the butter and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet. Season with  salt, pepper and thyme and cook the onions over medium low heat until  caramelized. Remove the onions from skillet and set aside in a bowl to  cool. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the skillet and saute the  potatoes, seasoned with salt and pepper, until about 3/4 cooked. Combine  the potatoes with the onions, mix in 1/4 cup Parmesan and set aside to cool  completely. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.    Cut the cylinder of dough in half and refrigerate one half. Press the piece  of dough into a rectangle and then roll it, on a lightly floured surface,  into a rectangle measuring about 17 x 8 inches. Brush off any excess flour  and transfer the dough to an ungreased cookie sheet. Position it so that  there is room for the second piece. Refrigerate the tray while you roll out  the second piece of dough in the same way and place it on the cookie sheet.    Using a serrated pastry wheel, trim the edges of the rectangles to even  them. Cut a "v" out of each corner to prevent the dough from bunching when  its folded. Spread half the potato/onion mixture on each, leaving a 1  1/2-inch border all around. Fold up the edges. Brush the dough with egg  wash and sprinkle the remaining Parmesan over the dough and filling. Bake  about 40 minutes, or until the crust is nicely browned. Slice each section  on the diagonal into about 6 pieces.    Yield: about 12 slices BAKERS DOZEN PEGGY CULLEN SHOW #BD1A36 Copyright,  1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved    MC Format by Gail Shermeyer, 4paws@netrax.net    Recipe by: BAKERS DOZEN PEGGY CULLEN SHOW #BD1A36 Posted to MC-Recipe  Digest V1 #511 by 4paws@netrax.net (Shermeyer-Gail) on Mar 11, 1997