Herbed Buterflied Leg of Lamb
Clove Garlic; Chopped, Fresh Mint; Chopped, Fresh Thyme; Chopped, Flat Leafed Parsley; Chopped, Salt, Leg Of Lamb; Butterflied, 4, Black Pepper, Dry Red Wine, Balsamic vinegar, 
1. In a glass bowl, combine wine, vinegar, garlic, mint, thyme, parsley,  and salt. Mix well to combine.    2. Season both sides of the lamb with salt and pepper. Place lamb in a  shallow glass or ceramic dish. Pour marinade over meat, turning to coat.  Cover, and refrigerate 4 to 6 hours.    3. Prepare a charcoal or gas grill, arranging coals for indirect cooking.  Lightly coat rack with cooking spray; coals should be hot.    4. Remove lamb from marinade; pat dry. Place lamb on hottest part of grill;  sear 5 minutes per side. Move lamb to the cooler part of the grill, and  cook 10 minutes. Turn over; cover grill. For medium rare, cook until an  instant- read thermometer registers 140 degrees, 10 to 15 minutes more.  Remove from grill, and let lamb rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve.    NOTES : Lamb is a very tender, low-fat meat. Even the fattiest cuts have no  more than two hundred calories per three-ounce serving. When buying lamb,  look for firm, pink meat with a milky white layer of fat. Avoid buying lamb  that is dark purplish or red with yellowish fat?these are signs of older  meat. Large cuts will often have a white membrane called a ?fell? around  the meat, which should be removed before cooking; the thick layer of fat  beneath the fell should also be removed. Evan Lobel prepares lamb for  grilling by butterflying it?he removes the bone and spreads the meat to an  equal thickness for even cooking. To be sure the lamb is as flat as  possible, he covers the meat with parchment paper and pounds it with a meat  mallet (you can also use the bottom of a heavy pan). If you prefer not to  butterfly the lamb yourself, you can ask your butcher to do it. The meat is  then marinated for several hours before grilling.    Recipe by: Lobels Butcher Shop, NY, NY.    Posted to bbq-digest by muddy@ibm.net on Sep 13, 1998, converted by  MM_Buster v2.0l.