Potato Peel Broth and Garlic Broth
Water, Sage salt and pepper to, Carrots, Dried whole thyme, POTATO PEEL BROTH, Tabasco (optional), Lemon juice (optional), .5 Tbs. Olive or mild, Bay leaf (up to 1), Medium-sized stalk celery, Clove garlic (optional), Whole head garlic in place, Sprig parsley, Large, healthy brown-skinned, Onion, GARLIC BROTH, 
>From THE VEGETARIAN EPICURE BOOK TWO, by Anna Thomas, copyright 1978.    First scrub the potatoes very thoroughly and cut away any blemishes, then  peel them, cutting off strips at least 1/4 inch thick. Reserve the peeled  potatoes for another use. Peel the onion and quarter it. Wash the carrots  and celery and slice them.    Combine all the ingredients but the Tabasco and the lemon juice in a large  pot and simmer for about 1 .5 hours, or until all the vegetables are very  soft.  If too much water evaporates during the cooking, add enough to keep  all the vegetables covered with liquid. When the broth is done, there  should be about 6 cups of it. But this may vary slightly.  The most  important thing is to taste it, smell it, look at it. If it is light brown,  fragrant, and delicious, its ready; if it seems weak, simmer it a bit  longer and reduce it; if it seems too strong, add a bit of water.    For a clear broth, just strain out all the vegetables through a sieve and  correct the seasoning if necessary. For a soup with the consistency of a  thin puree, first fish out the celery, garlic, and bay leaf, then press  everything through a fine sieve until only a rather pulp is left.    Finally, for giving both Potato Peel Broth and Garlic Broth that final  touch of seasoning, Ive found that a delightful flavor is brought out by  the addition of a few drops of Tabasco or a few drops of lemon juice--or  both.    Garlic Broth: Proceed exactly as for Potato Peel Broth, only add a full,  large head of garlic rather than just one puny clove, and be sure to use  olive oil. Break the head of garlic up intoseparate cloves and peel them if  you wish, though they can also be used unpeeled--a method that many people  feel yeilds richer flavor. Simmer the broth gently for a long time--1 .5 to  2 hours--and them strain everything out through a sieve for a fine, clear,  and lelicate broth.    Each method yields about 6 cups of broth.    Posted to FOODWINE Digest  5 November 96    Date:    Tue, 5 Nov 1996 16:33:23 EDT    From:    Sharon Bostick <sharon@DELPHINUS.LIB.UMB.EDU>