Herbed Seafood Casserole
TOPPING, Fresh bread crumbs, Butter melted, Chopped fresh parsley, Long grain rice, Egg, Chopped fresh parsley, Butter, Onion chopped, Garlic, Carrot finely chopped, Celery, Dried dillweed, Each salt and pepper, Scallops, Raw shrimp, 7oz frozen crab meat thawed, All purpose flour, milk, Cream cheese, Dried thyme, 
In a saucepan cook the rice in 2 cups of water until tender and water is  absorbed. Stir in the egg and 2 tbsp. of the parsley. Set aside.    Meanwhile, in a large skillet, melt 1 tbsp. of the butter over medium heat  and cook onion, garlic, carrot, celery stirring occasionally for three to  five minutes or until    softened. Stir in 1/2 tsp of the dill and 1/4 tsp each of the salt and  pepper. Set aside in a large bowl.    Wipe the skillet clean and pour in 2 cups of water. Bring to a gentle  simmer and poach scallops until just opaque (1 to 3 minutes). Using a  slotted spoon, add the scallops to a bowl.    Poach shrimp in the same liquid for 3 minutes or until just firm and pink.  Drain, reserving 1 cup of the liquid and add the bowl. Chop crab coarsely  and add to the bowl.    In the same skillet, melt the remaining butter over medium heat, whisk in  the flour and cook whisking for 2 minutes without browning. Gradually whisk  in the reserved poaching liquid and milk. Cook stirring for five minutes or  until thickened. Whisk in the cream cheese, remaining dill, slat, pepper  and thyme until cheese is melted. Stir into the seafood mixtures along with  the remaining parsley.    Line the bottom of a greased 13x9 inch baking dish with the rice. Spoon the  seafood mixture over the top.    (recipe can be cooled, covered and refrigerated at this point for up to two  days or frozen for up to two weeks. Thaw in the fridge for 48 hours. Let  stand at room temp for 30 minutes before continuing.)    Topping: Mix the bread crumbs, butter and parsley and sprinkle over the  casserole. Bake at 325 for 40 to 50 minutes or until heated through and the  topping is golden and crunchy. Makes 8 servings.    Recipe from http://www.canadianparents.com/canadacooks/index.htm    NOTES : A seafood lovers delight.    Recipe by: Submitted by Heather Reynolds    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by Roberta Banghart <bobbi744@acd.net> on Aug  22, 1998, 