Potato Pierogi Pt 1
Water, Baking potatoes*; peeled and, (heaping) sour cream, Egg, All-purpose flour; (up to 5), Cream cheese, milk, (about 1/2 cup) cheddar, Freshly ground black pepper;, Cornmeal, Coarse salt; to taste, Unsalted butter; melted, Unsalted butter (1 stick);, 
* About 10 medium potatoes    1. In a medium bowl whisk the egg. Add the sour cream and whisk until  smooth. Add the milk and water and whisk until combined. Slowly add about 3  cups of flour and stir to combine with a wooden spoon.    2. Turn dough out onto a well floured surface and work in about 1 cup flour  as you knead. Use a plastic scraper to lift the dough as it will stick to  the counter before the flour is worked in to it. Continue kneading for  about 8 to 10 minutes working in another 1/2 cup flour. The dough should be  elastic in texture and no longer sticky. Be careful not to add too much  flour as this will toughen the dough. Place dough in a lightly floured bowl  and cover with plastic wrap and let rest while you prepare the filling.    3. Cook potatoes in salted boiling water until fork-tender. Drain and mash  with a potato masher. Add melted butter and cheeses, and continue to mash  until well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Place a  large pot of salted water over high heat and bring to a boil. Lay a clean  linen towel on your counter and evenly distribute cornmeal on it to prevent  sticking.    4. On a floured surface, roll out dough to about 1/8" thick. Using a glass  or cookie cutter measuring 2 1/2" diameter cut out as many circles as  possible. Gather scraps together and reroll, and continue cutting.    5. Form filling into 1 1/2" balls, and place a ball in the center of each  dough circle. Holding a circle in your hand, fold dough over filling and  pinch the edges forming a well-sealed crescent. Transfer to linen towel.  Continue this process until all dough circles are filled.    6. Place pierogi in the boiling water in batches. They will sink to the  bottom of the pot and then rise to the top. Once they rise, let them cook  for about 1 more minute. Meanwhile, drizzle platter with melted butter.  Remove pierogi from pot and transfer to platter to prevent sticking. Serve  immediately.    MAKES ABOUT 60    SOURCES Special thanks to Martha Kostyra. Kielbasa, $3.99 a pound,  available locally only from Kurowycky Meat Products, 124 First Avenue, New  York, NY 10009; 212-477-0344.    COOKING: POTATO PIEROGI WITH MRS. KOSTYRA A familys rich heritage is often  passed down through generations in the foods they eat and the recipes they  share. Though Martha Stewarts grandparents came to the United States from  Poland in the early twentieth century, she still enjoys the culinary legacy  they brought with them.    Martha Kostyra joins her daughter, Martha Stewart, to demonstrate how to  make her irresistible homemade pierogi. These delicious crescent-shaped  noodle dumplings are stuffed with a variety of fillings, like potato and  cheese, spiced meat, cabbage, or mushrooms. Sometimes fruit fillings are  used, and the pierogi are sprinkled with sugar. Mrs. Kostyra shows how to  make the dough and a potato filling, and how to seal each dumpling before  cooking them in boiling water. Pierogi bob to the surface of the cooking  water when theyre done.  continued in part 2