Potato Salad with Cilantro Vinaigrette
Olive oil spray, Lemon juice, Red potatoes, Yellow bell pepper, Garlic, Rice vinegar, Sea salt, Cracked black pepper, Fresh cilantro leaves, olive oil, Green Onions, Non-fat chicken broth, Sugar, Arugula, Tomatoes, 
Spray both potatoes and interior of 15x10-inch jelly roll pan with cooking  spray. Sprinkle garlic over potatoes and season to taste with sea salt and  cracked black pepper.    Arrange potatoes in single layer. Roast at 475F until fork tender and well  browned, about 40 minutes. Turn with spatula several times during cooking  to prevent sticking. Let cool to room temperature and transfer to bowl.    Add bell pepper, green onions and tomatoes and toss together. Stir in  cilantro.    Combine vinegar, sugar, olive oil, broth and lemon juice. Stir in cilantro  and pour dressing over vegetables and toss. Remove any tough stems from  arugula, break up large leaves and stir into salad.    Makes 9 cups. Each 1-cup serving      130    calories with 7% cff. 56 mg sod; 0 chol; 1 gram fat; 27 grams  carbo; 4 grams prot; 0.90 gram fiber.    ~-[story]------------ This low-fat side dish is more like a vegetable salad  made with potatoes than a conventional potato salad. The potatoes are  roasted at a high temperature, first being sprayed with olive oil cooking  spray to help them brown. Meantime, prepare the rest of the ingredients.  The fastest way to roast a bell pepper is to hold it over a gas stove top  burner with a long-handled barbecue fork (if using a table fork, hold the  handle with a hot pad or oven mitt so you dont burn your hand). Or you can  cook the pepper on a rack under a broiler, turning until all sides are  charred, 10 or 15 minutes. Whichever method of roasting you use, as soon as  the pepper is completely softened and charred all over, put it into a paper  bag or covered bowl and let it stand about 15 minutes to steam so the skin  will slip off easily. The dressing is very light because it uses scarcely  any oil--only 2 teaspoons of good olive oil for flavor. Chicken broth  substitutes for the rest of the oil that would go into a vinaigrette.  Arugula, also known as rocket, adds texture and pungency to this  great-tasting salad. For the best flavor, serve this salad at room  temperature.