Potato Souffle Latkes
Firm pears, preferably, Eggs, Sugar, LARRY LUTTROPP FVKC70A, Salt, L.A.TIMES FOOD SECTION 11/94, , Bartlett, Juice 1 lemon, Oil for frying, Matzo meal; OR Flour, Sugar, BRUNAS CANDIED PEAR SLICES, Russet potato; peeled &, Apple; peeled, cored &, 
In large bowl combine potatoes, apple and egg yolks. Add sugar, flour  and salt. Mix well.     Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form and fold into potato mixture.     In large, heavy skillet heat 1/4 inch oil over medium heat. Spoon potato  mixture by tablespoon into hot oil and fry on both sides until golden  brown.     Drain on paper towels. Serve with Brunas Candied Pear Slices. Makes  about 24 latkes.     Each serving contains about: 151 calories; 31 mg sodium; 18 mg  cholesterol; 2 grams fat; 35 grams carbohydrates; 1 gram protein; 0.49 gram  fiber.     Presented by: Judy Zeidler, L.A. Times article, "Eight Days of Latkes",  11/25/94, page H7.     "This is a potato latke like grandma never made, with beaten egg whites  folded in for lighter texture. These latkes are more delicate than  traditional potato latkes and make a wonderful dessert served with .."     BRUNAS CANDIED PEAR SLICES - Peel pears, core and cut into thick slices  to equal about 12 slices per pear.     Place in large bowl and toss in lemon juice. Pour sugar over pears and  toss to coat completely. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand 8 hours or  overnight, until sugar liquefies. Remove pears, reserving sugar syrup.     Heat large, heavy skillet and add drained, sliced pears. saute pears,  tossing constantly with wooden spoon, until brown, glazed and tender. In  another large saucepan, bring sugar syrup to boil and simmer until thick.  Transfer pears to large bowl and pour syrup over. Makes about 3 cups.     Presented by: Judy Zeidler, L.A. Times article, "Eight Days of Latkes",  11/25/94, page H7.     "On a recent trip to Italy, we visited the Santini family at their  ristorante Dal Pescatore. I watched Bruna Santini prepare these candied  pears. It looked so easy, and they were so delicious. I could hardly wait  to try them at home. A perfect accompaniment with any of the latke  recipes."     (The Candied Pears recipe is also posted by itself, Larry.)    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #321 by ELAINE  RADIS  (AUNTIE_E@prodigy.net) on Dec 8, 1997