Khachapuri
Warm water, Sugar, milk, Unsalted butter; melted, Salt, Bread or all purpose flour, CHEESE FILLING, Feta cheese; crumbled, Mozzarella cheese; shredded, Sharp cheddar cheese;, Eggs, Fresh parsley; finely, White pepper, Egg white mixed with 1 tbs, 
In large bowl of electric mixer, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add a pinch  of the sugar; let stand until foamy, 5 to 10 minutes. Add remaining sugar,  milk, butter, salt, and 1 1/2 to 2 cups of the flour. Beat at medium speed  with electric mixer 2 minutes, or beat 200 vigorous strokes by hand. Stir  in enough remaining flour to make a soft dough. Change to dough hook(s) if  using mixer, or turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Knead dough  4 to 6 minutes, or until smooth, adding only enough flour to prevent  sticking. Dough will be soft. Clean and butter bowl. Place dough in bowl,  turning to coat all surfaces. Cover with a slightly damp towel; set in a  warm place free from drafts. Let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour  (I let mine rise in the fridge since my mixer had heated the dough  somewhat). Prepare cheese filling by combining the cheeses, eggs, parsley  and pepper and then refrigerate until needed. Grease a 9 inch springform or  8 or 9 inch cake pan and set aside. Punch down dough; knead 30 seconds.  Shape into a smooth ball. On a lightly floured surface roll our dough into  a 20 inch circle. Gently ease dough into prepared pan, letting excess hang  over dege. Spoon cheese filling on center of dough, forming a smooth mound.  Bring dough up over filling folding to make 8 to 10 evenly spaced pleats.  Bring ends of pleats to center top. Twist and pinch ends together to form a  rough knob (shape isnt as crucial as making sure that filling is totally  encased). Cover with buttered waxed paper; set in a warm place free from  drafts. Let rise until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes. Preheat oven to  375 degrees . Brush loaf with egg white glaze. Bake 40 to 50 minutes, or  until deep golden brown (I had to cover loosely with some aluminum foil  after about 15 minutes to prevent over browning). Remove bread from pan;  place directly on oven rack for 5 more minutes to brown bottom crust. Cool  on rack 45 minutes before cutting into wedges, or serve at room temperature    NOTES : Easy to make. Rich, slightly sweet bread with savory, cheese  filling. Can probably be made ahead and frozen.  Recipe by: From "Breads" by Sharon Tyler Herbst    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by ehgf@primenet.com (Ellen) on Sep 7, 1997