Home-Cured Corned Beef
Beef roast, Curing salt, Pickling spice, Cloves, Peppercorns, Brown sugar, Saltpeter, Garlic, 
Combine garlic, bay leaves, cloves, coriander seeds, peppercorns, and  mustard seed in blender.  Blend until coarsly chopped.  Add brown sugar.  Set aside.    Trim roast (venison, beef, etc.), weigh and measure 1 level Tablespoon of  curing salt per pound.  Add measured curing salt to spice mixture you set  aside.    Rub spice mixture into roast, pressing in well. Measure roast at thickest  point.  Place into heavy freezing bag and close securely. Place in shallow  pan in refrigerator.  Cure 5 days per inch of measured thickness, turning  bag daily.    At end of curing time wrap and freeze.    To cook:  Drain juices, if desired rinse thoroughly under cold running  water to remove extra salt and spice pieces, wrap in foil and bake sealed  at 300 degrees 2 to 3 hours or until tender.  Or use in any corned beef  recipe.    Dorothys comments: This recipe has been tested by my whole family on both  beef and venison with the results that if I do not have one either in  process or residing in the freezer ready for instant cooking I certainly  hear about my oversight!  It has become the most requested top of the list  for both Birthday and Christmas giftlists. For ease in converting the ratio  of meat to spices I have set my serving size to the most often used size of  roast by my family.  I have used this on several different cuts of meat,  however, our favorite is bottom round. Recently I became lazy and instead  of grinding the spices in my blender I left them whole. The result was  exactly the same in flavor and since I hate to bite into a spice by mistake  and rinse them off before I cook the corned beef, it made the rinsing task  a whole lot easier! I havent tried using brisket myself, however since  that seems to be the only cut of meat that you can get as corned beef in  the supermarkets around where I live, I imagine it would work fine.  Actually, avoiding brisket was one reason I decided to corn all my own meat  at home! IMHO briskets "might" make good doorstops! Seriously though, the  main reason we dont care for brisket is only because mostly it has a high  amount of fat. The corning process does such a good job of tenderizing that  there is no problem with the toughness. Our favorite cut of meat to corn is  the bottom round since it seems to be a leaner cut of meat. Usually I just  cook the corned beef in the oven with a few potatoes, carrots and celery  with it.  Or my husband likes to wrap it in foil and cook it on the  barbecue grill, unwrapping and browning it the last 15 to 20 minutes of the  cooking time.    Sylvias comments: on brisket, it produced a very flavorful corned beef,  usable after about 12 hours in the crockpot.  I substituted 4 tb pickling  spice for 3 bay leaves, 2 tb coriander seeds, and 1 tb mustard seed. I also  used whole spices without grinding them.    Brought to you by Sylvia Steiger    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest  by "Rfm" <Robert-Miles@usa.net> on Sep 26, 98