Potatoes Anna (With Two Kinds of Potatoes)
Sweet potato; peeled or, Black Pepper, Green onions; for garnish, Balsamic vinegar or broth, Butter Buds; or other, Salt, Potatoes; peeled or unpeeled, Onion, Parsley; or, Garlic, 
For best results, this dish requires a burner-to-oven pan or shallow dish.  Slice potatoes thinly, keeping the two colors separate.  Chop the onion and  garlic.  Saute onions and garlic slowly in the balsamic vinegar, taking  care not to let the garlic burn, until they onions are golden brown. Remove  from pan and set aside. Spray the pan with cooking spray, then arrange the  white potato slices in the bottom of the pan so they overlap slightly and  cover the whole bottom of the dish. Spread the onions and garlic over the  top, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and then with the Butter Buds,  I-Cant-Believe-Its-Not-Butter, or other butter/margarine substitute. (The  goal is not glop, but just a gentle hint of rich flavor.)  Arrange the  sweet potato slices on top, again overlapping them slightly. Salt and  pepper, then spray very lightly with cooking spray--just enough to  encourage the top to brown, no more.    Cook over medium heat, 15 minutes or until lightly browned on bottom.  Meanwhile preheat the oven to 450 degrees.  Transfer the dish to the bottom  rack of the oven and bake for another 25 minutes or until potatoes are  tender, pressing down on the layers gently with a spatula every so often.  Invert carefully onto a plate, garnish with parsley or green onions, and  cut into wedges to serve. Serves 2 as a main dish or 4 as a side dish.    Serving Ideas : Serve with baked marinated tofu "steaks" & wedges of toma=    NOTES : I adapted this from a recipe in the October, 1997 issue of Good H=  ousekeeping by eliminating the fat (quite a bit of it).  It was delicious=  ~-now I wish Id made twice as much.  Original recipe called for 6 white =  potatoes (about 2 lbs) and 4 medium sweet potatoes (aalso about 2 lbs).  =  They only used 1 onion for that amount of potatoes, but I like onions, so=  I used the whole onion for half the amount of potatoes.  Recipe by: Ruth C. Hoffman    Posted to fatfree digest V97 #284 by "Ruth C. Hoffman"  <ruthhoff@ix.netcom.com> on Dec 3, 1997