Potica (Traditional Slovenian Holiday Cake) Pt 1
Thick cream, Yeast, Softened butter, Warm milk, Salt, Honey, Sugar, Ground cloves, Sugar, Flour, Dark rum, Finely ground walnuts;, Butter, Dry yeast, FILLING, DOUGH, lemon, Warm water, Sugar, Dry bread crumbs, Egg whites, Egg yolks, Finely ground golden raisins, Brown sugar, Cinnamon, 
Yeast: Sprinkle sugar over yeast and add warm water. Let it stand until  twice its original volume. Dough: Mix softened butter, sugar and egg yolks  until the sugar is well dissolved and mixture is frothy. Set aside. Warm up  the milk, mix in salt, lemon peel, and rum, and add to the butter mixture.  Form the dough out of the 4 cups of flour, yeast, and milk mixtures. The  trick is not to pour in all the milk mixture immediately; use about 3/4 to  start with, then add more as the dough forms. Beat with electric mixer  until smooth and elastic. Then keep adding flour as needed, and mixing with  a wooden spoon until of consistency that dough can be handled without  sticking. Place dough on floured board and knead for about 15 minutes,  adding flour as needed to make a non-sticking dough. Place dough in a  well-greased bowl; turn dough upside down to grease top. Cover and let rise  in warm place for about 1-1/2 to 2 hours until double in bulk. While dough  is rising, prepare filling. Filling: Mix walnuts and raisins, and grind  them together to keep raisins from clumping. Combine all dry ingredients.  Warm the cream and honey, and melt the butter in this mixture. Add cream  mixture to dry ingredients and mix completely. Fold in beaten egg whites  last. Let filling cool as you roll out dough. Assembly: Roll out dough on  table covered with a tablecloth well sprinkled with flour. Roll out to 1/4"  thick, 18" x 24" or bigger. Spread cooled filling over entire dough evenly.  Start rolling up dough by hand, jelly roll fashion, stretching dough  slightly with each roll. Start at an 18" edge and roll in the 24"  direction. Keep side edges as even as possible. Continue to roll by raising  the cloth edge slowly with both hands so the dough rolls itself. Dust away  any excess flour on the outside of the dough with a pastry brush as you  roll. Prick roll with a toothpick as needed to eliminate air pockets. With  the edge of a spatula (pancake flipper) cut off each end of roll to make it  the length needed to fit around the inside of an angel food cake pan. Place  in well-greased angel food cake pan or Bundt cake pan, being sure to  arrange the seam where the roll ended against the center. If you have a  two-piece angel food cake pan, it is easiest to roll the loaf onto and  around the bottom plate of the pan, and then lower this into the body of  the pan. Cover with a cloth and let rise in a warm place until double in  volume. Bake about 1 hour at 325 degrees. Put cut-off ends in greased loaf  pans, cover with cloth and let rise in a warm place until double in volume,  then bake for 30 to 35 minutes at 325 degrees. For a shiny crust, brush top  before baking with 1 egg beaten with 1 Tablespoon milk, OR brush top with  melted butter when taken from oven. Let stand one hour before removing from  pan. Loosen sides and bottom with knife. Turn onto wire rack to remove,  then turn over again onto another wire rack to cool right-side up. Once  completely cool, turn upside-down on a cake plate and sprinkle with  powdered sugar.    Potica (paw tee tzah) is a traditional Slovenian holiday cake. Variations  of it are also common in several other Eastern European countries. When my  Polish house cleaner saw it on the counter, she said, Oh. Christmas Cake!  Some of my fondest childhood memories are of being at my grandmothers  house and helping with the potica, and then enduring the smell for hours  before it was done and cool enough to eat. My grandmother came over from  the old country when she was twenty, and lived in a Slovenian neighborhood  in my hometown, and could she make a    continued in part 2