Potica Pt 1
Dark rum, Potica Dough, Sugar, Grated peel of 1 lemon, Salt, Warm milk; 2.5--3, Wheat flour; warmed,, Fresh yeast, Softened butter, Egg yolks, 
Sift the flour into a bowl (cover and set in a warm place if the flour has  not been warmed previously). Crumb the yeast into a large cup, add 2  Teaspoon warm milk, 1 teaspoon sugar and mix; set the yeast into a warm  place to rise (the mixture should rise to at least twice its original  volume before usage). Mix softened butter, sugar and egg-yolks and beat  until the sugar is well dissolved and the mixture is frothy. Warm up the  milk, mix in salt, lemon peel, rum and the butter mixture. Form the dough  out of the warm flour, yeast and the milk mixture -- the trick is not to  pour in all the milk mixture immediately: use about 3/4 to start with, then  add more as the dough forms (the quantity of milk (in the above list of  ingredients) is not quite fixed -- it depends on the quality of the flour:  with very fine-grain flour, very dry, use all 3 deciliter -- you should use  less with inferior quality flour). Beat the dough vigorously with a wooden  spoon until the dough is smooth and separates easily from the spoon and the  bowl. Cover the bowl with a cloth and set the dough in a warm place to rise  ~- before continuing, the dough should rise to twice its size.    Some Fillings    Chocolate: mix 200 grams softened butter with 4 eggs and 200 grams sugar;  beat the mixture until frothy; mix in 250 grams softened chocolate (or  powdered) and 250 grams chopped almonds    Walnut: scald 300 grams ground walnuts with 0.125 litre boiling milk; mix  in 2 Teaspoon dry bread-crumbs, 30 grams softened butter, 3 Teaspoon thick  cream, 2 egg-yolks, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground  cloves; beat 2 egg-whites until very stiff and fold into the mixture.    Hazelnut: same as walnut, only use ground walnuts instead of hazelnuts;    Tarragon: mix 100 grams softened butter with 3 egg-yolks and 100 grams  sugar, beat vigorously until frothy; add 1/2 cup freshly chopped tarragon  and 2.5 deciliter very thick cream (save another 1/2 cup chopped tarragon  to sprinkle on top of the spread mixture)    Raisins: soak 400 grams raisins or sultanas in dark rum for 2 hours; mix  100 grams softened butter with 150 grams sugar and 3 egg-yolks until  frothy; mix in the drained raisins or sultanas, grated lemon peel, 3  Teaspoon dry bread-crumbs, 1 deciliter very thick cream; beat 3 egg-whites  until very stiff and fold into mixture.    Poppy: cook 0.5 kilogram ground poppy seeds in 0.25 liter milk (or cream)  for 5--10 minutes; allow to cool, then mix in 3 egg-yolks, 2 Teaspoon  honey, 150 grams sugar, 2 teaspoon vanilla-scented castor sugar; beat 3  egg-whites until very stiff and fold into mixture.    Cooking Potica is traditionally baked in a round, "toroidal" (i.e., with a  raised hole in the middle) ceramic mold. But whatever you use, make sure  the mold is a high one - potica is supposed to raise a lot. For good  potica, the proportions of the height of the mold vs. its width should be  at least 2:1. Set the oven to 200 C. Roll out the dough to the thickness of  your little finger (thats the traditional measure) and spread with chosen  filling, within 5 cm of the "last" edge. Roll the potica gently, but make  sure there are no air pockets left in the roll (for easy handling, roll out  the dough on a dry linen cloth dusted with flour). Grease the baking dish  and dust with bread-crumbs; carefully transfer the potica into the dish,  the covering ("last") edge should be at the bottom. Cover the dish with  cloth and set in a warm place -- potica should rise to twice its size  before baking. Put potica in the warmed-up oven and bake for 1 hour; if the  top starts to turn very dark brown, cover with paper. Baked potica should  be removed from the baking dish immediately (if youve greased and dusted  the dish properly, you just need to turn it over onto an appropriate  plate). Dust warm potica with vanilla-scented castor sugar -- but do not  cut until completely cooled (traditionally, potica was always baked a day  before it was served). This recipe has been taken with permission from the  WorldWideWeb server at the URL http://www.ijs.si/slo-recipes.html    From: Polona.Novak@ijs.si (Polona Novak) Newsgroups: rec.food.recipes  Subject: Potica Date: 18 Feb 1994 13:18:08 -0500 Organization: J. Stefan  Institute, Lj, Slovenia    NOTES : (pronounce as: paw-tee-tzah, stress on tee) The secret of a good  potica is in appropriate dough, and the secret of    continued in part 2