Potsrickers #2
Sauce, Water, FILLING, All-purpose flour, Water, Red rice vinegar, Vegetable oil, Water chestnuts; chopped, Ground pork, Chinese (napa) cabbage;, Sugar, White pepper, Green onion; coarsely, Soy sauce, DOUGH, Hot chili oil, Thumb-sized slices fresh, Sesame oil, Salt, 
(1) In a bowl, combine flour and water, mixing to form a ball. Remove to a  floured board and knead with your palm for about 3 minutes. Shape into a  ball, cover with a damp towel, and let stand for about 10 minutes.    (2) Make the filling by combining the Filling ingredients above.  Refrigerate until ready to use.    (3) To shape and assemble, knead dough for about 3 minutes. Roll into a  cylinder that is about 1 inch in diameter. Cut off the ends, then cut into  about 24 pieces, each about 3/4-inch wide. With the cut side up, press the  dough down with your palm to flatten. Use a rolling pin to make pan- cakes  about 2 1/2-3 inches in diameter. (They get quite thin; thats what you  want.)    (4) Spoon 1 tablespoon of filling into the center of each pancake. Fold the  dough over to make a half circle and pleat the edges firmly together.    (5) To pan-fry, heat cast-iron or other heavy-bottom skillet over moderate  heat. Add 3 Tbsp oil, swir- ling to coat bottom. (Watch out, it sizzles  quite a bit. Dont get burned!) When oil is hot, place potstickers, seam  side up, in skillet and agitate (shake) for 30 seconds. Pour in water,  cover, and gently boil over moderate heat for 7 to 8 minutes. When oil and  water start to sizzle, add remaining 2 Tbsp oil. Tip skillet to distribute  oil evenly; watch carefully (uncovered) to prevent sticking. When bottoms  are brown (usually several minutes later), remove from heat and carefully  lift out potstickers with spatula.    (6) To serve, turn potstickers over (dark side up) and arrange on serving  platter. Combine chili oil, vinegar, and soy sauce in proportions to suit  your taste and offer sauce for dipping. Alternatively, cut up a hot chili  pepper into red rice vinegar.    NOTES You can freeze uncooked potstickers for later use, if you squeeze out  the water from the cabbage during preparation (in a colander or  cheesecloth). Freeze potstickers separately on cookie sheets until firm,  then put them in plastic bags.    When rolling out the pancakes, leave the centers slightly thicker than the  edges. A thicker center will hold up better during the browning.    If you prefer, steam potstickers for about 12 minutes over boiling water  instead of pan-frying. (No self-respecting hacker would be caught eating  steamed potstickers, though.)    These are really not hard to make, and come out quite nicely! Following the  dough recipe above leads to a fairly dry and floury dough; this makes it  hard to roll out and pleat. Feel free to add a little more water. There are  also now commercially available potsticker presses that take care of  folding and pleating; theyre cheap and plastic and work rather well.    The perfect potsticker is uniformly brown with a thick brown area on the  bottom (where it sticks to the pot); it seems that achieving this only  comes with practice. I tend to fry both sides a bit before adding the  water; this helps. Beware of too much heat; the bottom will bubble and  crack. This doesnt taste any different, but doesnt look as nice.    If you dont cook the whole batch at once, store the potst- ickers so that  they dont touch; the dough tends to stick to itself, so the potstickers  may tear as you remove them.    Many restaurants serve Hoy Sin sauce instead of hot sauce.    Formatted & Busted by RecipeLu <recipelu@recipelu.com>    Recipe by: Use-net Cookbook    Posted to recipelu-digest Volume 01 Number 230 by RecipeLu  <recipelu@geocities.com> on Nov 09, 1997