Povatica Bread
Butter or margarine, Active dry yeast, Lightly salted butter, Eggs, light brown sugar, Ground cardamom seed, Granulated sugar, Instant nonfat dry milk, All-purpose flour, Vanilla extract, Walnut meats, Salt, WALNUT FILLING, water, 
Combine the water,yeast, and sugar in a large bowl. Let stand for 2  minutes.  Add the dry milk, salt, butter, and 2 cups of the flour. Mix  until smooth and beat for 2 minutes. Let rise, uncovered for 30 to 45  minutes until bubbly.    Stir in 1 cup of the remaining flour.  Turn the dough out onto a  well-floured surface (using some of the remaining flour) and knead for 4 to  5 minutes, until smooth and elastic, adding only as much flour as necessary  to prevent the dough from sticking.  The dough should be soft.    Place the dough in a buttered bowl, turning once to bring the buttered side  up.  Let rise in a warm place until double in volume, about 1 1/2 hours.  Grease two 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pans.    Punch down the dough; turn out onto a lightly floured surface and cut in  half.  Cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Roll out 1 piece of the dough to  a rectangle 11 x 16 inches, stretching the dough and letting it stick to  the surface as necessary.  Spread half of the Walnut Filling evenly over  the dough to within 1 inch of the edges. Roll up the dough like a jelly  roll, starting from a narrow side. Turn the edges under slightly and place  the roll, seam down, in a prepared pan. Repeat with the remaining half of  the dough. Cover and let rise for 1 hour or up to 1 1/2 hours. The dough  may not swell to double in volume.    Place the pans on a shelf near the top of an unheated oven and turn on the  oven to 325F.  Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, or until done. Place the pans on  a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes. Remove the loaves from the pans and let  them cool completely.    Makes two loaves.    WALNUT FILLING:    In a medium-sized saucepan, cook the butter and sugar over moderately-high  heat.  When the butter and sugar have melted and the mixture is bubbly,  remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the ground walnuts, eggs, cardamom,  and vanilla.  Cool the filling before using.    Makes about 3 cups of filling.    [ The Redbook Breadbook ]    Posted by Fred Peters.    