Praline Pecan Cake
Sugar, Egg whites, room temperature, Sugar, Sugar, Pecan pieces, Butter, room temperature, Praline liqueur, Whipping cream, Pecan pieces, Pecan sponge cake:, Syrup:, Water, Praline liqueur, Praline liqueur, Bittersweet or semi-sweet ch, Light brown sugar; firmly p, Butter, room temperature, Buttercream:, Egg whites, Egg yolks, room temperature, Pecan crust:, Pastry flour, Egg, room temperature, Solid vegetable shortening, Praline panache:, Powdered sugar, sifted, Butter, Sugar, All-purpose flour, 
For cake: Preheat over to 375 degrees. Grease 9" round cake pan; line with  parchment. Finely grind pecans with flour in food processor using on/off  turns. Using electric mixer, beat yolks with 1/4 cup sugar until slowly  dissolving ribbons form when beaters are lifted. Using clean dry beaters,  beat whites with 1/3 cup sugar until soft peaks form. Fold half of whites  into yolk mixture. Fold in pecans. Fold in remaining whites. Fold 3/4 cup  batter into butter. Fold back into batter. Pour into prepared pan. Bake  until cake is springy to touch, about 25 minutes. Cool 10 minutes in pan.  Invert cake onto rack and cool completely. Wrap tightly. Refrigerate at  least 2 hours. For Syrup: Cook sugar and water in heavy sauce pan until  sugar dissolves, swirling pan occasionally. Bring to boil. Cool. Stir in  liqueur. For Crust: Finely grind pecans with flour in processor. Using  electric mixer, beat butter with sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg.  Gently fold in pecan mixture. Gather into ball. Wrap in plastic.  Refrigerate at least 3 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter baking  sheet. Roll dough out on lightly floured surface to thickness of 1/8". Cut  out one 9" round. Using cactus or leaf shaped cutter, cut out cookies from  remaining dough. Transfer to prepared sheet. Pierce round. Bake until  golden, 20 minutes for round and 10 minutes for cookies. For Panache: Bring  cream to boil in heavy  saucepan. Remove  from heat. Add chocolate and stir  until melted and smooth. Blend in liqueur. Cool to room temperature. For  Buttercream: Using electric mixer, beat butter, powdered sugar, shortening  and liqueur until light and fluffy. Heat whites and sugar in double boiler  over gently simmering water until sugar dissolves and candy thermometer  registers 100 degrees. Remove from over water. Using clean dry beaters,  beat until whites are stiff but not dry. Blend whites into butter mixture.  To Assemble: Split cake into 3 layers. Set pecan crust on platter. Using  spatula, beat panache until slightly thickened. Spread 1/4 onto crust. Top  with 1 cake layer. Brush with syrup. Cover with about 3/4 cup buttercream.  Top with second cake layer. Brush with syrup. Spread with 1/4 of panache.  Top with third layer. Brush with syrup. Spread with 1/4 of panache. Frost  top and sides of cake with remaining buttercream. Spoon remaining 1/4 of  panache into pastry bag fitted with star tip. Pipe 12 rosettes around edge  of cake. Top each with cookie. Serve at room temperature.    