Praline-Crunch Cheesecake
Crust, FILLING, Reduced-fat cream cheese, Pecans; finely chopped, PECAN PRALINE TOPPING, Canola oil, Light brown sugar; packed, Granulated sugar, Vanilla extract, Water, Vanilla wafers, Bourbon, Egg whites, Cottage cheese; lowfat, Cornstarch, Egg, Fat-free plain yogurt, Granulated sugar, 
TO MAKE CRUST: Preheat oven to 325F. Lightly oil a 9-inch springform pan  or coat it with nonstick spray. Put a kettle of water on to heat for the  water bath. Wrap outside of pan with a double thickness of foil to prevent  water from seeping in.    In a food processor, finely grind vanilla wafers. Add oil and process until  well combined.  Press into bottom of pan.    TO MAKE FILLING: In a food processor, puree cottage cheese until smooth,  stopping to scrape down sides of bowl.  Add cream cheese, granulated and  brown sugars and cornstarch. Process until smooth. Add egg, egg whites,  yogurt, bourbon, if using, and vanilla; process until smooth. Pour over  crust.    Place cheesecake in a shallow roasting pan and pour in enough boiling water  to come 1/2 inch up the outside of the springform pan. Bake for 50 to 60  minutes, or until edges are set but center still jiggles when pan is  tapped.    Turn off oven. Spray a knife with non-stick spray and run it around the  inside edge of the pan. Let cheesecake stand in the oven, with door ajar,  for 1 hour. Remove cheesecake from water bath and transfer to a wire rack;  let cool. Refrigerate, uncovered, until chilled; cover with plastic wrap.    Just before serving, sprinkle cheesecake with Pecan Praline Topping.    TO MAKE PECAN PRALINE TOPPING: Lightly oil a baking sheet or coat it with  non-stick spray.    In a small heavy saucepan, combine sugar and water. Bring to a simmer over  low heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar melts. Increase heat to  medium-high and cook, without stirring, until syrup turns medium amber, 3  to 5 minutes. Immediately remove from heat and stir in pecans. Pour onto  prepared baking sheet, spreading in a thin layer. Let stand until praline  is cool and brittle.    Slide a metal spatula under praline to loosen it from pan; crack into small  pieces.  Place in a food processor and pulse until coarsely crushed or  ground.    NOTES : The cheesecake will keep, covered, in the refrigerator for up to =  2 days. The praline will keep, thightly covered, at room temperature for up  to 3 = days.  Recipe by: Eating Well (November 1997)    Posted to recipelu-digest by Nesb2 <Nesb2@aol.com> on Mar 3, 1998