Prawns in Spice Laden Coconut Sauce
Coriander seeds, Grated fresh ginger, Prawns, shelled, deveined, Garlic, Cumin seeds, Dried, red chile peppers *, Canned coconut milk, Salt, Onion, thinly sliced, Turmeric, Peanut oil, 
* seeded or partially seeded (reduce or increase amount for a milder  or spicier flavor)    Do yourself a favor and use canned coconut milk in this recipe. Its  a heck of a lot easier and probably better than what you would  produce using a fresh coconut.    Process the grated fresh coconut or the desiccated coconut with 3 1/2  cups hot water in a food processor.  Drape a piece of folded  cheesecloth over a bowl and pour the coconut mixture into the  cheesecloth. Strain the liquid, squeezing the pulp to extract as much  milk as possible. This is thick coconut milk; set aside.    Pour 2 1/2 cups hot water over the coconut in the cheesecloth and  squeeze to extract more milk into another bowl.  This second extract  is thin coconut milk.  Set aside.    If you are using canned coconut milk, skip this step and proceed with  the recipe.    Grind the chile peppers, cumin and coriander seeds in a spice grinder  and set aside.    Process the thick coconut milk (or canned coconut milk) with the  ground spices, turmeric, ginger and garlic; set aside.    Heat the oil in a heavy, shallow pan.  Add the onions and cook until  the edges begin to turn almost reddish brown (about 15 minutes),  stirring frequently.  Add the coconut-spice mixture and cook until  the liquid evaporates and oil separates from the paste.  Cook this  paste for 10 more minutes, stirring constantly.    Stir in the reserved thin coconut milk (or 2 cups water, if you have  used canned coconut milk) and let simmer until reduced to a creamy  sauce. Add salt to taste.    Stir the prawns into the sauce and cook a few minutes until the  prawns are just cooked.  (Be careful not to overcook).  Serve with  steamed rice.    Grated fresh coconut:  Pierce the eyes of a fresh coconut and drain  off the liquid.  Put the coconut in a preheated 375F oven for 20  minutes. Break it open with a hammer and separate the meat from the  hard shell in large pieces.  Break the pieces into smaller ones and,  using a vegetable peeler, peel the brown skin off the meat.  Grate  the coconut meat in a food processor.    Desiccated coconut:  May be found in Indian or Chinese stores.    From the San Francisco Chronicle, 12/7/88.    Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; November 2 1992.    File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/cberg2.zip