Kibbeh
Burghul (crushed wheat), Onions, Salt, Pepper, Ice water, Cubed tender lamb, 
I was born in Beirut, Lebanon, and I can assure you that this is the purest  and best recipe for Kibbeh I ever saw. And it is absolutely delicious.    (From Food from the Arab World Marie Karam Khayat and Margaret Clark  Keatinge, Khayats, Beirut 1959)    Lebanese Kibbeh ( K Meat)    Kibbeh is virtually the national dish of Lebanon and to call it a meat loaf  does not quite raise it to the heights it deserves. Its traditional  preparation is dramatic. It requires a stone mortar and a heavy pestle  called the jorn and modaqqa. ( From Daniella: today, we lebanese, use a  food processor) The meat is pounded with rhythmic motions until it is  smooth and pasty. All the neighborhood knows the sound of kibbeh in the  making.    Select lamb from loin of the animal. Pound the cubed meat with a teaspoon  of salt in a stone mortar with a wooden mallet. Remove meat from mortar  when it becomes pasty. Now pound onion with a teaspoon of salt and the  pepper until it is reduced to a pulp. Combine meat and onion and pound  together until very smooth. Wash burghul well in running water but do this  quickly so that it does not soften. Press to remove water. Knead burghul  and meat with the hands. Pound together in mortar. Add salt to taste. Dip  mallet in ice water occasionally to keep meat moist and smooth. Properly  prepared kibbeh must be pounded at least an hour. Then it is ready to be  eaten as it is, or cooked in a variety of ways.    Preparation time may be shortened considerably by grinding meat several  times through fine blade of meat grinder. Grind onion twice. Grind onions  with meat once. Combine washed burghul with meat-onion mixture. Knead well,  seasoning with salt and pepper ( oriental pepper called BHAR). Grind this  mixture three times adding a tablespoon of ice water to keep it smooth.    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #004    From: Daniella De Picciotto <daniela@dialdata.com.br>    Date: Sun, 5 Jan 1997 07:25:22 -0200 (EDT)