Preventing Pickling Problems
PROBLEM PREVENTION, 
There are so many factors involved in pickling -- weather and growing  conditions, type of salt, acidity of vinegar, storage temperature,  time from gathering to pickling, processing -- that sometimes things  go wrong. Here are some common problems and causes.    1. SOFT OR SLIPPERY PICKLES: Could result from not removing the scum  from the surface of the brine; from not keeping the cucumbers  submerged in the brine; from using too weak of brine or vinegar,  using hard water, or not removing the blossom end of a cucumber; from  not sealing each jar as it is filled; from not heating long enough to  destroy microorganisms; or from storing in too warm a spot. Check  jars carefully for signs of spoilage.    2. SHRIVELED PICKLES: May be the result of too strong brine, vinegar,  syrup, or pickling solution, or may mean cucumbers didnt travel from  the field to the kitchen fast enough.    3. HOLLOW PICKLES: Could result from too long a time between pickling  and processing, from improper curing or too high a temperature during  fermentation, or from bad growing conditions.  Dont use any  cucumbers that float as you wash them.    4. DARK PICKLES: Indicate iron in the water or cooking utensil, ground  spices or whole spices left in jars, cooking too long with spices, or  hard water.    5. FADED, DULL  PICKLES: Result from poor growing conditions or too  mature cucumbers.    6. WHITE SEDIMENT IN THE BOTTOM OF JARS: It isnt harmful. It could  come from not using pure granulated salt, or could be the result of  fermentation. Check jars carefully for signs of spoilage.    7. SPOILED PICKLES: Means you didnt process them properly; that you  used old ingredients, nonstandard jars, or old lids; or that the  pickling solution wasnt boiling hot, or you filled too many jars  before sealing them. In other words, you didnt follow directions!  Check jars carefully for signs of spoilage.    Source Vegetable Gardening Encyclopedia Typos by Dorothy Flatman 1995  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #235    Date: Wed, 28 Aug 1996 21:56:51 -0500    From: pickell@cyberspc.mb.ca (S.Pickell)