Preventions Perfect Kabobs
Boneless skinless chicken, Black pepper, Yellow squash, Red potatoes, Brussel sprouts, Prunes, Mint leaves, Plain nonfat yogurt, Sea scallops, Carrots, Red bell pepper, Garlic, Dried apricots, MARINADE, 
Preparation: SOAK 12 bamboo skewers in water.   1. Prepare marinade in blender on HIGH for 1 min.; use half as marinade  and reserve rest for later basting.   2. Cut chicken breast into 6 equal 1 1/2-in. pieces. Rinse 6 sea scallops.  Combine chicken and scallops with 1/2 c. yogurt marinade in a zipper-lock  bag. Massage to coat; refrigerate 1 hr.   3. In a saucepan, over medium-high heat, boil 2 qts. water. Cut potatoes  in half. Peel the carrots and cut three 1 1/2-in. pieces from thick ends.  Trim outer leaves from brussels sprouts; wash sprouts.      Place potato halves in boiling water. After 1 min., add carrot pieces;  1 min. later, add sprouts. Cook vegetables 3 min. Add 6 dried apricots and  6 prunes to the boiling water. Cook 1 min.; drain. Cool on a plate.   4. Wash and trim 1 small yellow squash. Cut into six 3/4-in. slices Cut  six 1 -1/2 in. sweet red bell pepper chunks.   5. Using TWO 6-in. bamboo skewers for each kabob, insert in a parallel  manner, one at a time, 1/4 in. apart, piercing (in order):    carrot  (sideways; across the grain), prune, chicken, squash, red pepper, sprout  (sideways; across the grain), scallop, apricot and potato (round end to  outside). Using the same parallel-skewers method, make 5 more kabobs.   6.  Preheat broiler or grill to HIGH. Spray broiler pan with no-stick  spray. Place 3 to 4 in. from heat. To grill, place kabobs directly on hot  grid.   Baste kabobs with had remaining marinade. Broil 7 to 9 min. (grill 5 to 6  min.). SERVE with Chunky Garden Yogurt Sauce and a salad: Preventions  Parsley Laden Tabbouleh; Spinach-Yogurt Salad    PANTRY: FATTOUSH - Bread salad, based on a selection of greens and herbs  (purslane, parsley, mint, arugula, sumac) blended with toasted pita bits  and fresh tomatoes. TABBOULEH - Salad of bulgur mixed with chopped  tomatoes, onion, mint, parsley, olive oil and lemon juice.