Priscillas Tofu Pot Pie-
Black pepper, Salt, Carrots, sliced, -Water, Peas, fresh or frozen, Whole wheat flour, Salt, Flour, Garlic powder, Onion; chopped., Wheat germ, Sage, Margerine, Thyme, Crust, -Cold water, Firm tofu, Salt, Celery, sliced, Paprika, Whole wheat pastry flour, FILLING, Vegetable oil, Garlic powder, -TO:, GRAVY, Mushrooms, sliced, Margerine, Black pepper, -Water, 
Cut the tofu into 1/2" cubes.  Mix the flour, salt, pepper and garlic  powder.  Add the tofu cubes and toss till coated. Saute in a large skillet  with the 2 tablespoons oil. When tofu is golden and crisp, stir in the  chopped onion.  Continue cooking 3 minutes, then add the carrots, celery,  peas, and water. Cover the pan and cook over medium heat. Stir gently,  every minute or so, till the carrots are just tender. Remove from heat and  stir in:    Melt margerine in a large saucepan, then add the sliced mushrooms. Cover  pan and saute over medium heat till mushrooms are soft. Stir in flour and  seasonings and cook over low heat 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in water and  simmer, uncovered, till gravy is thickened - about 10 minutes. Mix half the  gravy into the tofu and vegetables. Set remainder aside.    For CRUST: Combine flour, wheat germ, and salt and stir to mix. Cut in  margerine till mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. Add cold water all at  once and stir just enough to form dough into a ball. Divide in half and  roll first half out on a floured surface.  Place in a 10-inch pie plate.  Roll out remaining half of dough and set aside.    Spread tofu and vegetable mixture into the dough-lined dish (this was too  much for my 9 inch casserole dish. Since it didnt fit, I reserved  something like 1 1/2 to 2 cups as a topping for when it was cooked, as a  sortof makeshift gravy.  Using a larger pan would probably work as well, if  not better)..  Pour remaining gravy over top and cover with top crust. Fold  edges of top and bottom crusts together and pinch to form edge. Cut 4 to 6  1-inch slits in top crust to allow steam to escape (my method is to just  flatten pieces of dough and place over pie. Where the pieces overlap there  is usually a gap of some sort for steam and juices to bubble through). Bake  in a preheated 400 degree oven for 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 350, and bake  an additional 20 to 30 minutes, till crust is nicely browned.    Hints: If there is way too much gravy for you to fit in your casserole pan,  leave out the excess and serve over individual pieces as you serve it.    (serves 8 to 10)    This is from Karen Davis cookbook A Poultryless "Poultry" Potpourri, from  United Poultry Concerns (contact Karen Davis at (301) 948-2406).    From: tara@starburst.umd.edu (Tara McDermott)