Preventions Dolmehs (Stuffed Vegetables)
Onion; finely minced, Red bell pepper; roasted, Fresh dill; chopped, V-8(TM) vegetable juice, Rice, Cinnamon, Tomatoes; red and yellow, Swiss chard leaves, Split peas, cooked; mashed, Pattypan squash, Allspice, Chopped fresh parsley, Pomegranate molasses, Fresh Cilantro, olive oil, Eggplants; Japanese, Chopped fresh mint, 
PREPARATION (45 min) and BAKING (60 min) 1. Preheat oven to 350F. 2. Soak  rice 30 min., drain. Boil 6 min., drain again. 3. Gently simmer egg plants  and squash in water until tender (about 15 min.), then carefully halve and  scrape out pulp. 4. Cut tops from tomatoes (ripe but firm) and scoop out  pulp. Halve peppers and clean; to make 4 shells. Reserve vegetable shells  and pulp. 5. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high. Saute onions  until translucent. Add 1 c. reserved pulp, and cook until liquid  evaporates. Add spices, herbs, peas, chard and rice. 6. Stuff vegetable  shells and place in a baking dish. Add mixed V-8, molasses and enough water  to reach halfway up vegetable sides. Cover. Bake for 1 hr. Garnish with  roasted garlic. Serves 4 (or more) 288 cals 6 g fat ------PANTRY  POMEGRANATE MOLASSES - The reduced juice of the fruit, made into an  all-purpose tart-sweet syrup. Can be diluted for a refressing drink or  diluted and mixed with simple syrup for a sorbet; is often used in sauces  or marinades. Substitute "Lite" molasses. SPLIT PEA - Prevention does not  mention this ingredient, specifically. Ideas: baby food; cook frozen and  puree or smash. Microcook small portions of dried peas. -----[  mcRecipe/patH.24Au96]  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #216    Date: Sat, 24 Aug 1996 11:53:21 -0700 (PDT)    From: PatH <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu>  NOTES : DOLMEH - vegetables, fruits or grape leaves stuffed with savory,=       well-seasoned fillings. Popular casings include squash, eggplant,       bell=       peppers, apples. Filling might include groun meat, pureed       (roasted)=       eggplant, rice, bulgur, nuts, currants and spices and herbs.