Proposal of Marriage Pickled Onions
Pickling salt, White vinegar, White pickling onions, Pickling spices, Dry hot peppers (I use red, 
Makes about 8 pints    Peel onions. (There is no easy way to do this. I have tried boiling them,  freezing them and just plain peeling them. It all comes out the same - a  lot of hard work! If boiling, be very careful because it tends to cook them  if you do not watch very carefully and keep the time down to 3 minutes in  the boiling water. If using this method, make sure the water is at a full,  rolling boil before you add the onions). Place in a 1 gallon crock or large  bowl. Add salt and mix well. Let stand 24 hours at room temperature,  stirring 3 or 4 times.    Rinse and drain well. This may take three or four rinses to get all the  salt out/off the onions.    Combine vinegar and sugar in 3 quart pan; add the pickling spices with 4  extra peppers tied in a cheesecloth bag. (I use dried cayenne, but you can  use any type you prefer. Just remember to adjust quantity for hotness).  Bring to a boil and boil 10 minutes. Pack onions into 8 sterile, hot pint  canning jars, placing two dried peppers in each jar. (I usually place one  on the bottom and one on the top. If they are small, I also place one in  the middle).    Remove the spice bag from the vinegar. Pour boiling syrup over the onions,  filling the jars to within 1\4" of the top. Wipe rims of jars and adjust  lids to finger-tight. Process in boiling water bath for 5 minutes for  pints, 15 minutes for quarts. Remove jars and complete seals by tightening  screw bands. Let stand in a cool, dry place for 6 weeks before using, then  enjoy!    These pickles are really tasty. The reason they are SO GOOD is that they  are barely cooked, so they keep their fresh onion crispiness, but have that  pickled, hot taste. They have never failed to win a prize at our local fall  fair, thought I do not enter them any more. I passed the recipe on and now  someone else wins the ribbons! Posted to CHILE-HEADS DIGEST V4 #084 by  willow@dowco.com on Aug 15, 1997