Provencal Artichoke Ragout with Tomatoes, Peppers and Garli
Chopped fresh parsley, Salt, White onions; chopped, Tomatoes; fresh or canned,, Dry white or rose wine, Simmering water; as needed, Fresh thyme leaves; or half, Whole head of garlic; cloves, Bay leaf, Red bell peppers, Lemons; cut in half, Purple artichokes OR 6 globe, olive oil, Clove crushed slightly; and, Freshly ground pepper; to, 
Prepare artichoke hearts: Fill a bowl with water and add the juice of one  of the lemons. Trim the stems off the artichokes and cut off the tops with  a sharp knife. Trim off the spiny tips of the outer leaves with scissors  and rub the cut parts with the remaining lemon. Cut small artichokes in  half, large artichokes into quarters and gently scoop out the spiny chokes.  Rub the cut sides with lemon and place in the bowl of water as you go  along.    Make a sauce: Heat the oil in a large heavy-bottomed nonstick skillet or  casserole over medium-low heat and add the onions. Cook, stirring, until  tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, peppers, and a little salt and  stir together for about 5 minutes, until the garlic begins to color and the  peppers begin to soften. Add the tomatoes, more salt if desired, and  pepper. Cook, stirring often, for about 10 minutes until the tomatoes have  cooked down a bit and are fragrant.    Stew artichokes: Drain the artichokes and add to the pot along with the  thyme, bay leaf, and wine. Bring to a simmer, add 1 cup simmering water,  cover, and simmer for 30 minutes. Check the mixture and add another cup of  simmering water if the liquid has evaporated. Continue to simmer, covered,  for another 15 to 30 minutes, until the artichokes are tender and the  leaves come away easily. Stir in the parsley, taste, and adjust seasonings.  Serve hot or cold.    ADVANCE PREPARATION: This will hold for a day or two in the refrigerator.    PER PORTION (3 small or 1 large artichoke with sauce: Calories 153; Protein  7 G; Fat 3 G; 18%CFF. Carb 30 G; Sodium 161 MG.    >From PROVENCAL LIGHT, by Martha Rose Shulman (Bantam, 1994). >Edited by  Pat Hanneman 3/98    "I keep looking for and trying new _artichoke a la barigoule_ recipes, but  I still cant find one I like as much as my friend Christine Picassos.  Ive included it in other collections, but its such a definitive Provencal  recipe ... yet every single Provencal person I have met has a different  version. " To some, artichokes are simmered in wine with onions and  carrots. In the Larousse Gastronomique, the artichokes are stuffed and  braised. "Me, Ill stick to the garlicky, tomatoey version I learned to  make long ago in Provence. Its the combination of garlic and peppers with  the artichokes, all cooked together in the long-simmering tomato and wine  sauce, that makes this good."--MRS    Recipe by: PROVENCAL LIGHT, by Martha Rose Shulman    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Mar 21,  1998