Puerto Rican Rice and Beans
Capers, garlic, Fresh oregano, peppercorns, Smoked ham hock, Water, Uncooked long grain white, Olive oil, peeled Plum tomatoes  , Red bell pepper, Fresh cilantro, Dried pinto beans, Jalapeno peppers, Onion, Salt, 
Puerto Rican Rice and Beans (Arroz Con Habichuelas)    Place the water and ham hock in a pressure cooker, check to make sure the  steam release holes are clear and cook for 5 minutes.  Add the pinto beans  and cook 20 minutes more. Add the rice, and when the pressure cooker  "hisses," cook for another 5 minutes.    While the rice and beans cook, heat the oil in a large skillet and saute  the onion and garlic until the onion becomes translucent. Add the red  pepper, jalapeno peppers, oregano and tomatoes, stirring and chopping as  you go. Add 1/4 c of the reserved tomato juice, half of the salt and half  of the pepper. Lower the heat and simmer 15 minutes.    After the rice and beans have cooked, remove the ham hock, slice off 2  ounces of lean meat and reserve.  Add the cooked rice and beans to the  pepper-tomato mixture in the skillet.  Stir in the reserved ham hock meat,  2 tablespoons of the cilantro, the capers and the remaining salt and  pepper.    To serve: Spoon into bowls and garnish with the remaining cilantro.    Nutritional information: Per serving (recipe makes four servings): Calories  311, Fat 4 gm, Sat. Fat 1 gm, Calories from fat 12%, Cholesterol 6 gm,  Sodium      110    mg, Fiber 7 gm.    My personal notes: The recipe is very flexible in the type of chiles used.  I usually blend a couple of types for complexity. The dish is also great  for splashing on your favorite hot sauce too. I also usually add beer  instead of water when things are looking a bit too dry. It also can be fun  to mix in a few different types of beans, like black beans and pintos. It  isnt a requirement to use a pressure cooker, but it is fast and the flavor  from the ham hock to the beans is greater.    (From the First Bay Area Chile Heads HotLuck)    CHILE-HEADS ARCHIVES    From the Chile-Heads recipe list.  Downloaded from Glens MM Recipe  Archive, G Internet.