Pueblana Tinga
Stephen Ceideburg, Very lean bulk Mexican, Onions, Ground cloves, Garlic cloves, each cut into, Apple cider vinegar, Red onion, sliced into, Adobo juice from can of, olive oil, Brown sugar, Ripe tomatoes (2 1/2 pounds), Chipotle chiles abobado (see, Salt, Cinnamon, Shredded roast pork or, Ripe avocado, thinly sliced,, 
Serve this as a stew with steamed white or brown rice. Accompany with  avocado and onion slices. Tinga is also good served in warmed, scooped out  French rolls or bolillos (Mexican rolls). You can add avocado slices, onion  and a mild white cheese such as Jack to the sandwich. With a glass of icy  beer and a salad, you have everything you need.    Put tomatoes on a jelly-roll pan and place about 8 inch inches under a  preheated broiler. Broil until tomato skins turn brownish, about 10  minutes. Peel, cut in half horizontally and squeeze out seeds. Place  tomatoes in a food processor along with garlic and chipotle chiles. Chop  into a coarse puree.    Heat olive oil in a skillet. Add onions and saute for 5 minutes until  softened. Remove and set aside Using the same skillet, fry the chorizo  until well cooked. If the sausage is fatty, drain on paper towels and wipe  out skillet. Return the sausage and onion to skillet and add the  tomato-chipotle mixture along with vinegar, sugar, salt, adobo juice and  spices. Simmer for 20 minutes.    Add the shredded pork or chicken, and simmer 20 to 25 minutes to blend  flavors. If the mixture seems dry, add 1/2 cup broth or water.    To Serve: Serve as a spicy stew with steamed rice. Or use as a filling for  Mexican bolillos: Cut rolls in half and pull out some of the soft crumbs.  Pile onion rings and avocado slices into the halves, then spoon on the  tinga.    Note: Chipotles are sold in 8-ounce cans labeled "chipotles adobados." They  are found in Mexican grocery stores and in the ethnic sections of some  supermarkets.    PER SERVING (with pork). 430 calories, 40 g protein, 22 g carbohydrate, 21  7 g fat (5 g saturated), 118 mg cholesterol, 758 mg sodium, 5 g fiber.    PER SERVING (with chicken): 430 calories, 37 g protein, 22 g carbohydrate,  22 g fat (5 g saturated), 104 g cholesterol, 932 mg sodium, 5 g fiber.    Jacquiline Higuera McMahan writing in the San Francisco Chronicle,  12/18/91.    Posted by Stephen Ceideburg    