Hub Cape Cod Greens with Grilled Figs And Dumplings
FOR THE CITRUS DRESSING, Lemon juice, Orange juice, Lime juice, Lime leaves, Eggs, Honey, Rice wine vinegar, olive oil, salt and pepper, FOR THE SALADS, Extra-Virgin Olive Oil, Balsamic vinegar, Vermont goat cheese, Mascarpone cheese, Lemon curd, Salt, Sheets phyllo dough, Butter, Blanched chives, Cape Cod greens or mesclun, English cucumber; sliced, Small currant tomatoes; (red, Black mission figs, 
To make the dressing: Place the lemon, orange and lime juices in a  saucepan. Simmer until the liquid is reduced to 1/2 cup. Remove the lime  leaves and chill the juice.    Place the juice in a blender with the eggs, honey and rice wine vinegar.  Slowly blend in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. (To avoid using  raw eggs, use pasteurized or coddled eggs) To make the salads: Wash the  figs and cut each m half. Mix together the oil and vinegar in a bowl. Toss  the figs in the oil and vinegar. Grill the figs for 1-2 minutes per side.  Let cool and chill until ready to use.    Mix the goat cheese, mascarpone, lemon curd, salt and pepper. Place 2 T. of  this mixture on a fig half and then place the other fig half on top. Repeat  until all four figs are stuffed.    Lay out the pastry sheets. Brush with butter and wrap each fig in one  pastry sheet. Twist into a purse shape, tie with string and bake at 350  degrees until golden brown.    Once baked, remove the string and tie each dumpling with the chive. Wash  the greens and spin dry. Place each cucumber slice on a salad plate. Place  a handful of greens on top of each cucumber, then wrap the cucumber around  the greens. Place the dumpling on each plate. Garnish with the tomatoes,  dressing and freshly ground black pepper.    Dean Moore usually serves this salad with a truffle dressing but  substitutes a citrus dressing here as it is easier to make.    Recipe printed in The Boston Herald 9/9/98    Formatted 9/98 by JoAnn Pellegrino    NOTES : Dean Moore was recently named a "Rising Star in American Cuisine"  by the James Beard Foundation in New York. He is executive chef at the Top  of The Hub Restaurant in Boston, MA.    Recipe by: Chef Dean Moore,Top of The Hub,Boston    Posted to KitMailbox Digest  by J Pellegrino <gigimfg@ix.netcom.com> on Sep  08, 1998, 