Puget Sound Chowder
Medium prawns; shelled, olive oil, Heavy cream, Carrots; peeled and sliced, Yellow onion; peeled and, Stalks celery; thinly sliced, Hard-smoked salmon, Fresh scallops, Lemon juice, Kosher salt; to taste, Homemade Fish Stock or clam, Ling or true cod; cut into, Vegetable oil or enough, Russet potato; peeled and, Rushed red pepper flakes, Dry white wine, Fresh Italian parsley;, Fresh tarragon or basil;, Fresh mussels; 1 pound, 
In a medium-sized saucepan, saute onion in oil over medium heat, until  translucent, 3 - 5 minutes. Add carrot, red pepper flakes, and fish stock,  cover and cook until carrots begin to soften, about 10 minutes. Add herbs,  celery, and potato, turn heat to low, and simmer for 10 more minutes so the  flavors will blend. Meanwhile, poach mussels in wine for 5 - 6 minutes.  Strain nectar into stock. Pick the mussels from their shells and set aside.  Add prawns, scallops, and cream to chowder and simmer until chowder  thickens slightly, 3 - 5 minutes. Add fresh fish, smoked salmon, and lemon  juice, and cook 2 - 3 minutes more. Taste and correct seasoning if  necessary.    NOTES : Variation: Fresh Clam Chowder: substitute 3 lbs. washed fresh clams  for all other fish or seafood. Follow first step above, eliminating the  carrots. In a steamer or in a colander set in a larger pot, steam clams in  wine. Strain nectar into stock, shell clams, and set aside. Add cream to  the stock and simmer on medium low heat until the chowder thickens  slightly. Add clams and simmer for 5 more minutes. Taste and correct  seasoning with salt if necessary. Manhattan Style Chowder: eliminate the  cream. Add 1 14 1/2 oz. can premium diced tomatoes in puree. Follow above  instructions substituting tomato for cream. It will not be thick. Puget  Sound, an inland waterway adjacent to Seattle, offers an abundance of  seafood year round. This recipe was created one day when I simply could not  choose between fish and shellfish for dinner. The only seafood limit here  is availability. To serve, ladle into warmed bowls, garnish with Italian  parsley, and serve. Yield: 4 servings.  Recipe by: Copyright ? 1995 by Heidi Rabel    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #963 by clgimenez@earthlink.net on