Puget Sound Cioppino Fish Stew
Mussels; washed and, Medium shrimp; 24 per pound,, Crushed red pepper flakes, Shell fish is cooked in this, olive oil, Firm white fish; in, White wine, Bay leaf; cracked, Calamari; cleaned, skinned,, The outermost layer of the, Chopped yellow onion, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Premium diced tomatoes in, Clove garlic; cut in half, Red wine, Chopped fresh basil, Garlic clove; slightly, Stew, Kosher salt; to taste, Croutons, Crusty French or Italian, Stalk fennel; the bulb will, Thinly sliced fresh fennel, Coarsely grated Parmesan, Homemade Fish Stock or clam, Fresh Lemon Juice, Fennel seed; crushed, Garlic, Shellfish Nectar, Clams; washed, Fresh Italian parsley;, 
To prepare croutons, brush bread with oil and broil until golden brown.  Turn, brush with oil, and broil until golden brown. Remove from the oven,  and rub one side with garlic. Sprinkle with cheese and set aside. To  prepare shellfish nectar, put ingredients into a shallow saucepan over  medium high heat. Add mussels and clams, cover and boil for 5 minutes,  until they open. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Put shrimp into  the same water, cover and boil until the shrimp turn pink, about 5 minutes.  Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Squeeze lemon juice over the  cooked shellfish, and cover it loosely with plastic wrap. Strain the nectar  into a small mixing bowl, and discard residue. To prepare stew, put oil,  onion, and fennel seed in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the  onion is translucent and softened, 3 - 5 minutes. Add garlic and bay leaf,  and cook for 5 more minutes, taking care not to burn the garlic. Add nectar  and remaining ingredients, excep! t seafood, turn heat to medium low, and  simmer for 10 minutes. Add all seafood, and simmer for 3 more minutes.  While the stew is simmering the last time, broil the croutons long enough  to melt the cheese.    Serving Ideas : Serve immediately in heated bowls.    NOTES : Like traditional Italian cioppino, this version is a thick, rich  tomato-based stew, but it features seafood found in my neighborhood. If  Cioppino is made ahead, cool it as quickly as possible to prevent the fish  from overcooking as it cools down. Transfer the stew from the cooking pot  to a large bowl covered loosely with plastic wrap. Set the bowl on a bed of  ice in a larger bowl and refrigerate. To reheat, transfer it back to the  cooking pot and heat it over high heat until it simmers, then turn the heat  down to medium high to finish heating it through.To serve, ladle the  Cioppino into heated, shallow soup or pasta bowls, taking care to divide  the seafood among the bowls evenly. Make room in the center of the bowls  and place a crouton in the center of each Cioppino. Sprinkle the remaining  parsley over the stew, and serve immediately. Yield: 6 servings. Nutr.  Recipe by: Copyright c 1995 by Heidi Rabel    Posted to recipelu-digest by "Valerie Whittle" <catspaw@inetnow.net> on Feb  19, 1998