Pumpernickel Bread with Sourdough Starter
White flour, Nonfat dry milk, White flour; preferably, THE SOURDOUGH STARTER, Active dry yeast, Corn meal; (for round, Pumpernickel flour*; (up to, Salt, GLAZE, THE BREAD DOUGH, Toasted rye bread crumbs or, Rye flour, Molasses mixed with 1 tsp, Active dry yeast, The starter, Stone-ground corn meal, Molasses, Warm water, Nonfat dry milk, Warm water, 
Mix all ingredients for the starter together in a medium-size bowl, beating  into a smooth batter. Cover with plastic wrap and leave in a warm place,  such as on top of the stove near a pilot light or close to a radiator. The  starter will rise and bubble up, then sink back. It is ready to use after  24 hours. To keep: put in a screwtop jar - 1-quart size or larger, if you  want to keep adding to it - and refrigerate. About every five days feed  your starter 1/2 cup flour (3 parts white to 1 part rye) and 1/2 cup water  mixed with 2 tablespoons dry milk. Leave, covered, in a warm place until it  bubbles up again, then use what you want of it to make bread; return the  rest - or all of it, if not using immediately - to the refrigerator.    The bread dough: Make a sponge first by mixing 1 1/3 cups of the starter,  the dry milk, 1 1/2 cups warm water, 1 cup of the white flour, and 1 cup of  the pumpernickel flour. Cover with plastic wrap and leave in a warm place  2-3 hours.    In a large bowl dissolve the yeast in the remaining cup of warm water. Stir  in the sponge, salt, corn meal, molasses, the bread crumbs, and the  remaining flours, holding back about 3/4 cup of the white flour. Turn the  dough out on a floured working surface after it becomes too stiff to stir  and let rest while you clean out the bowl. Knead the dough, adding more  flour as necessary. The dough will be very sticky. After 10 minutes  kneading, return the dough to the cleaned ungreased bowl, cover, and let  rise until double in volume - about 2 hours.    Punch down the dough, knead briefly in the bowl, cover, and let rise again  until double in volume - about 1 1/2 hours.    Turn the dough out and divide in half. Either shape into 2 loaves to go  into two greased 9-inch bread pans or make 2 round loaves and place far  apart on a greased baking sheet sprinkled with corn meal. Let rise, covered  with a kitchen towel, for about 1 hour.    Brush the loaves with glaze. Bake in a preheated 425 F oven - if you have  tiles or baking stone, slide the round loaves directly onto the hot  surface. Bake 10 minutes, then lower the heat to 350 F and bake 35 minutes  more. Remove and cool on racks.    * If you cannot get coarse pumpernickel flour, use instead dark rye flour  and bran in proportions of 2 to 1.    Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V5 #013 by lena36@juno.com (Lena P Mitchell) on  Jan 12, 1998