Puerto Rican-Style Rice and Beans
Tabasco sauce, Rice, celery, green bell pepper, garlic, Salt, carrot, Dried kidney beans, Bay leaf, olive oil, Garlic, cinnamon stick, Long-grain rice, olive oil, BEANS, red onion, Onions, Onions, 
Soak the beans overnight or use the quick soak method.    Heat the oil in a heavy saucepan or Dutch oven. Saute the onions over low  heat, stirring frequently, covered, until the onions are carmelized to a  rich golden brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute,  uncovered, about 3 minutes longer.    Add the beans and the broth. Simmer, covered, for 2 hours, adding more  water if needed to keep the beans moist. Add the bay leaf and cinnamon and  continue to simmer until the beans are very tender, about 1 hour longer.  Add salt and Tabasco to taste.    Cook the rice until tender and the liquid is absorbed. While the rice is  cooking, heat the oil in a large heavy skillet, preferably nonstick, and  add the onion, carrot and celery. Saute over medium-low heat, stirring,  until tender but not brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute 2  minutes longer. Add the red onion and pepper and continue to saute until  the pepper is crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Set aside  about 2 tablespoons of the vegetable mixture for garnish. Stir the rest of  the vegetable mixture into the cooked rice with a fork, fluffing the rice  as you combine the ingredients.    Bring the rice and beans to the table in 2 large serving bowls. To serve,  place a spoonful of rice in a shallow soup bowl, then spread rice to the  edges. Place a ladleful of beans in the center of the rice, top with  reserved vegetables, and serve.    COMMENTS: This is very tasty, but you really need the vegetable saute for  the rice to get the best flavor and texture. Beans and plain rice just  werent as good.    Nutr. Links:    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2705 0 0 0 0 0 0 2495 0 0 0 0  Per serving: 514 Calories; 6g Fat (11% calories from fat); 20g Protein; 97g  Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 640mg Sodium    Recipe by: Lighter, Quicker, Better/Sax & Simmons    Posted to EAT-L Digest 06 Feb 97 by "McNamara, Kelly"  <kmcnamara@LIGGETT.COM> on Feb 7, 1997.