Pumpernickel Bread and Onion Pumpernickel Bread Pt 1
STARTER, Water (warm if refrigerated, Boiling water, Rye flour for sprinkling, THE BREAD ITSELF, Common flour (all-purpose, Cornstrach solution for, ONION FILLING, Yellow onions, chopped, Active dry yeast (Save rest, Warm water, Sugar, Water, Rye flour, Pumpernickel flour, Oil, for greasing bowl, Warm water, STAGE TWO, STAGE THREE, Pumpernickel color, Olive oil (up to 2), Rye flour or more, All of the starter from, Salt, Cornmeal, for sprinkling, Green onion (white part, Flour, for dusting work top, Active dry yeast, Altus (optional) (old rye, Water, Cornstarch, Crushed caraway seeds, Rye flour, Cream of tartar, Poppy seeds (up to 2), Rye sour, Salt to taste (optional), Rye flour, Minced onions, STAGE ONE, Cold water, Warm water, Water, BREAD PT 2, 
Pumpernickel Bread is a sour dough bread. There is no other REAL way to  make it. The "sour only takes 4 days before you can start your bread,  unlike regular sourdough, which takes 9 days to get a good taste. Well,  here goes:    from: Secrets of a Jewish Baker by George Greenstein    Starter: (Prepare 48 hours in advance) Caraway seeds can be ground in a  coffee or spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. In the bakery the  seeds are crushed with a rolling pin. The crushed seeds disappear in the  ferment and add a distinctive flavor to the sour. The minced onion helps to  hasten the fermentation.    Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and mix until smooth. The mixture  should have a thin, soupy consistency. Cover and allow to stand in a warm  spot until bubbly and fermented. It can be left up to 24 hours.    Making Rye Sour from the Starter: Stage One: In a large bowl or container,  combine the water, 1-1/4 cups of the flour, and the starter. Stir until  smooth. The dough should pull away slightly and may start to come away from  sides of the bowl. Wipe down the sided of the bowl with wet hands or a bowl  scraper. Sprinkle 1/4 cup flour over the entire surface of the sour. Let  stand, covered with a cloth or clear plastic, until doubled in size and the  floured top appears cracked with fissures spread widely apart. This may  take 4 to 8 hours. Avoid leeting the sour collapse.    Stage Two: (If a double recipe is desired, double below) To the Stage One  sour add the water and 3/4 cup of the flour; mix until smooth. Wipe down  the sides of the bowl. Sprinkle the remaining flour over the entire surface  of the sour. Allow to rise ina warm area 4 to 8 hours. As the sour begins  to rise, you can refrigerate it for later use or overnight for mixing the  following day.    Stage Three: To the Stage Two sour add the water and the one cup flour. Mix  until smooth. Additional flour can be added to attain a dough-like  consistency. The sour, when fully risen in Stage Three, is ready for use in  the dough. Take remainder and put in a covered container with a light film  of water floated over the top. Refrigerate for later use, (up to a few  months later).  continued in part 2