Pumpernickel Bread and Onion Pumpernickel Bread Pt 2
See part 1, 
The Bread Itself: In a heavy sausepan over low heat, melt the sugar in the  1 tablespoon water. Increase heat to medium high, cover the pan, bring to a  boil and boil for 2 minutes. Add the cream of tartar and continue to boil,  until the sugar is almost black in color. Remove the pan from the heat. The  sugar will continue to cook and darken. Allow it to begin to cool. Using  extreme care, add the boiling water (the sugar will boil up and may  spatter). Stir to dissolve, then cool to room temperature.    (Bring 1 cup wter to boil. dissolve 2 tablespoons cornstarch in 1/4 cold  water. Whisk into boiling water until it thickens.)    Onion Filling: In a large bowl sprinkle the yeast over the warm water to  soften; stir to disolve. Add the Rye sour, altus, pumpernickel color,  pumpernickel flour and salt. Mix thoroughly until the dough pulls away  fromt he sides of the bowl.    Turn out the dough onto a floured work surface and knead, adding small  amounts of flour as needed. Make the dough a bit stiffer than normal, since  this dough softens as it is kneaded. Knead the dough until it feels smooth  and silky (5 to 8 minutes). Knead the onion filling into dough.    Shape the dough into a ball, place in a large oiled bowl, and turn to coat.  Cover and let rise until double in size. Punch out all the air, cut in  half, shape into two rounds, and let rest for 10 minutes. Shape into 2  round loaves. Place ona baking sheet lightly sprinkled with cornmeal. Keep  ina warm, draf-free spot covered with a damp cloth and proof until doubled  in size. Brush with cornstarch solution. Punch 5 times with an ice pick or  scewer, 1 hole in the center and four in a circle around the center. With a  wet finger push all the way down in the center hole, leaving a large indent  in the middle of the loaf. Bake with steam ina preheated 375 degree oven  until teapping the bottom of the loaf with your fingers produces a hollow  sound (30 to 45 minutes).    Posted to JEWISH-FOOD digest V97 #073 by Simons <icsimons@airmail.net> on  Mar 05, 1997