Pumpkin Bread (Or Pumpkin-Cinnamon Roll)
water, Salt, Molasses, all-purpose flour, Fresh pumpkin, active dry yeast, flour, Caraway seed, 
"This delicious yeast-risen pumpkin bread is a welcome alternative to the  sweet, rich, quick pumpkin breads so often served with coffee and tea. It  makes fine sandwiches and fabulous toast."    In Large Bowl mix yeast and water, stirring to combine and dissolve. Add  salt, caraway seed, and molasses, stirring to mix. Add flour all at once.  Stir with large, sturdy spoon until all flour in incorporated and dough  leaves sides of bowl.    Turn out onto floured surface. Knead until dough is smooth and satiny,  about 5 to 8 minutes.    Lightly oil bowl (I used some cooking spray that said 2 sprays = 0g Fat).  Return dough to bowl. Cover with clean, damp tea towel. Set in warm place  (85 degrees - I think my house was at 68 and it worked fine) to rise.    Let rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch down, shape into loaf. Place in  lightly oiled bread pan (I used a nonstick pan, so omitted the oil). Cover  with clean, damp tea towel. Let rise until doubled and indentation made  with thumb remains.    Bake in preheated 400 degree oven until browned on top and bottom sounds  hollow when tapped, about 35 minutes (ovens may vary, mine finished about  11 minutes early). Remove from pan. Let cool on wire rack. Makes 1 loaf.    *Variations: Substitute 2 tablespoons brown sugar for molasses, and 1/2  cups raisins for caraway seed. Add 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon to liquid  ingredients. Substitute whole wheat or rye flour for 1/3 of the white flour  in original recipe.    ** To make pumpkin-cinnamon loaf (this is what I did!), when dough is  punched down, instead of shaping it into a loaf, stretch the dough into a  rectangular shape. Sprinkle the dough with a mixture of sugar and cinnamon,  then roll dough up from short side to form a loaf. Place in loaf pan and  proceed with recipe.    Per slice: 130 cal.; 4g Prot.; 0.4g Total Fat (0.1g Sat. Fat); 28g Carb.; 0  Chol.; 180mg Sod.; 2g Fiber, Vegan Without the caraway seed, it should be  even less for fat.    Posted to fatfree digest V96 #293    Date: 23 Oct 96 11:23:51 EDT    From: Heather.D.Rielly@Dartmouth.EDU (Heather D. Rielly)