Pumpkin Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting 
CAKE:, Eggs, Ground cinnamon, Nutmeg, Salt, Baking soda, Ground ginger, Ground cloves, Sugar, Flour, Salad oil, Pumpkin, FROSTING:, Cream cheese, Rum, Confectioners sugar, Pecan halves, 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare pumpkin cake:    Crack eggs into large bowl of electric mixer; cover and let stand for  thirty minutes, or until room temperature.  Meanwhile, sift flour with  baking soda, salt, cloves, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg.    With electric mixer at high speed, beat eggs thoroughly.  Add sugar and  continue to beat until eggs are lemony in color and the mixture is light  and fluffy.  Gradually add the oil and pumpkin, beating well after each  addition to blend thoroughly.    With the electric mixer at low speed, beat in the flour mixture, several  spoonfuls at a time, beating only until the flour is moistened.  Do not  over beat!  Pour into an ungreased 10-in. tube or bunt cake pan.  Bake  about one hour or until surface springs back when gently pressed with  fingertips.  Remove cake from oven and cool completely in pan, on a wire  rack.    Prepare frosting: In a small mixer bowl, with The electric mixer, beat the  cream cheese with the rum or vanilla extract, until smooth and soft.  Gradually beat in the confectioners sugar, beating until light and fluffy.  Using a long narrow spatula, carefully loosen cake from the pan and remove.  Place the cake on a plate and frost the top and sides with the cream cheese  frosting.  Use the tip of the spatula to swirl the frosting in a spoke-like  fashion, in toward the center of the cake.  Arrange the pecans decoratively  around the top of the cake.  Store the cake tightly covered in the  refrigerator until 30 minutes before serving.    Makes 12 servings    Note: This cake is very moist and rich.  Once frosted it keeps for several  days in the refrigerator.  The flavor is best if stored for at least three  days prior to serving.  Remember that this cake is made with cream cheese  and must be kept refrigerated!    This is also a great recipe for cupcakes.  Place a pecan half in the center  of each cupcake for garnish.  Makes 18 cupcakes.  