Pumpkin Oatmeal Bread
Eggs, Cloves, walnuts, Self-rising flour, Brown Sugar, Nutmeg, Vegetable oil, Fresh pumpkin puree, Oats, Cinnamon, 
SOURCE: The Bread Machine Cookbook II by Donna Rathmell German, Copyright  1991, ISBN 1-55867-037-8. Formatted by Ursula R. Taylor...    WARNING! Cakes and quick breads (non-yeast) breads) may, at this time, only  be made in the Zojirushi, National SD-BT6N or Panasonic SD-T6P machines. Do  not attempt making these in any other machines as the results will  fail.....    This recipe uses self-rising flour. If substituting all-purpose flour, add  1 1/2 tsp. of baking powder and 1/2 tsp. salt for each cup of flour used.  If you are using a National or Panasonic machine, all ingredients are mixed  together prior to placing in the pan for baking. Any ingredients listed  following asterisks are to be mixed in last and only until blended. As you  must tell the machine how long to bake the quick breads/cakes, the times  are given in each recipe.....    If using the Zojirushi, place the ingredients in the machine in the order  given. Any ingredients listed following asterisks are to be added at the  "Beep". As the machine is preprogrammed to turn off when the cakes/quick  breads are completely baked, you may ignore the baking times....    BAKE for 40 minutes..... To prepare fresh pumpkin puree, simply cut pumpkin  in half, removing stem, pulp and seeds. Cut pumpkin in to four to five inch  squares and place in boiling waater until soft and fork pierces easily.  Drain off water and puree pumpkin in food processor or blender. Pumpkin is  easily placed in ziploc bags, premeasured into one or two cups, and keep  frozen until required for baking....    PERSONAL NOTE From Ursula R. Taylor - I got the following note from Sandy  Hansen on NVN Food & Wine Board - note #110377.....Another way to make  pumpkin puree is to take the pumpkin and cut it in half, remove stem, pulp  and seeds also. Then place it in the microwave and cook on high for 10  minutes. Take it out with oven mits - as it will be very HOT.    Scrape out the soft flesh. If it is still to hard, place back in microwave  for another 5 to 10 minutes. Keep this up until all of the flesh has been  scraped out. Place the flesh in a blender and puree. Will not heat up the  house as bad this way.....Signed Sandy in St. Louis...  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #805 by Nancy Berry <nlberry@prodigy.net> on  Sep 25, 1997