Pumpkin Ravioli
Unbleached flour, Salt, Tomato paste, Ricotta Cheese, Pumpkin , Salt, Olive oil, Eggs, Pumpkin Seed Sauce; *, Nutmeg; Ground, 
*     See Sowest 2 for recipe.  ~-------------------------------------------------------------------------  Mix the cheese, pumpkin, 1/2 tsp salt and the nutmeg.  Set aside.  Mix the  flour, and 1/2 tsp salt in a large bowl.  Make a well in the center of the  flour.  Beat the tomato paste, oil and eggs until well blended and pour  into the well in the flour.  Stir with a fork gradually bring the flour  mixture to the center of the bowl.  Do this until the dough makes a ball.  If the dough is too dry, mix in up to 2 tbls of water.  Knead lightly on a  floured cloth-covered surface, adding flour if dough is sticky, until  smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes.  Cover and let rest for another 5  minutes.  Divide the dough into 4 equal parts.  Roll the dough, one part at  a time, into a rectangle about 12 X 10-inches. (Keep the rest of the dough  covered.)  Drop the pumpkin mixture by 2 level tsps onto half of the  rectangle, about 1 1/2-inches apart in 2 rows of 4 mounds each.  Moisten  the edges of the dough and the dough between the rows of pumpkin mixture  with water.  Fold the other half of the dough up over the pumpkin mixture,  pressing the dough down around the pumpkin.  Trim the edges with a pastry  wheel or knife.  Cut between the rows of filling to make ravioli; press the  edges together with a fork or cut with a pastry wheel sealing the edges  well.  Repeat with the remaining dough and pumpkin filling.  Place ravioli  on towel, let stand turning once, until dry, about 30 minutes. Prepare the  Pumpkin Seed Sauce.  Heat until hot; reserve keeping it warm. Cook ravioli  in 4 quarts of boiling salted water (2 tsp of salt) until tender, about 10  to 15 minutes; drain carefully.  Serve the ravioli with the warm Pumpkin  Seed Sauce spooned over.    Miscellaneous recipes from the collection of Mike Orchekowski.  File ftp://ftp.idiscover.co.uk/pub/food/mealmaster/recipes/mo-misc.zip