Pumpkin Ravioli with Pumpkin Seed Sauce
Salt, white bread, Flour, Chicken broth, RAVIOLI, Salt, Nutmeg, Vegetable oil, Pumpkin, Vegetable oil, Garlic, Whipping cream, Ricotta cheese, Salt, Egg, Green chilies, pumpkin seeds, Tomato paste, PUMPKIN SEED SAUCE, Onion, 
Mix cheese, pumpkin, 1/2 tsp salt and the nutmeg; reserve.    Mix flour and 1/2 tsp salt in large bowl; make well in centre.  Beat  tomato paste, oil and eggs until well blended; pour into well.  Stir  with fork, gradually bringing flour mixture into centre, until dough  forms a ball. If dough is too dry, mix in up to 2 Tbsp water.  Knead  on lightly floured cloth-covered surface, adding flour if dough is  sticky, until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes.  Cover, let rest 5  minutes.    Divide dough into 4 equal parts.  Roll dough, one part at a time, into  rectangle, about 12 x 10 inches(keep remaining dough covered).  Drop  pumpkin mixture by 2 level teaspoonfuls onto half of the rectangle  about 1 1/2 inches apart in 2 rows of 4 mounds each.  Moisten edges  of dough and dough between rows of pumpkin mixture with water.  Fold  other half of dough up over pumpkin mixture, pressing dough down and  around mixture. Trim edges with pastry wheel or knife.  Cut between  rows of filling to make ravioli; press edges with fork to seal.  Repeat with remaining dough and pumpkin mixture.  Place ravioli on  towel; let stand, turning once, until dry, about 30 minutes.    Prepare Pumpkin Seed Sauce.  Heat until hot; keep warm.  Cook ravioli  in 4 quarts boiling salted water (2 tsp salt) until tender, 10 to 15  minutes, drain carefully.  Serve ravioli with sauce.     Pumpkin Seed Sauce    To  serve with Pumpkin Ravioli    Cook pumpkin seeds, onion, bread and garlic in oil, stirring  frequently, until bread is golden brown.  Stir in chiles.    Place mixture in food processor workbowl fitted with steel blade;  cover and process until smooth.  Stir in broth, whipping cream and  salt.    Serve with Pumkin Ravioli. posted by Linda Davis  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #237    Date: Sat, 31 Aug 1996 10:05:40 -0500    From: pickell@cyberspc.mb.ca (S.Pickell)