Pumpkin Ravioli
Pumpkin or lg. winter squash, Allspice, Egg, Garlic, Coriander, Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper, Fresh pasta, in sheets, SAUCE, Garlic, Cayenne, Carrots; chopped, Maple syrup, (cut into 1/8inch strips), Unsalted butter, Hazelnuts, White pepper, FILLING, Yellow onions; finely diced, Cardamom, freshly grated, Heavy cream, Salt, Unbleached flour, Eggs, Sorrel, stems removed, (about 21/2 cups cooked), halved & baked until soft, & cooked until just soft, Mace, PASTA, 
PASTA: If you cant find frozen pasta sheets or prefer to make your own,  heres a recipe thats virtually foolproof. Herbs and spices compatible  with the dish can be kneaded into the dough toward the end.    Heap the flour and make a well in it.  Break the eggs into the well and  beat them together with a fork. Stir them into the flour from the bottom of  the well with the fork until the dough in the center is smooth or shiny.  With your hands, gradually incorporate the flour from the outside of the  well toward the center, kneading gently until the mass of dough comes  together.    Knead the dough until it is smooth and resilient.  You may need to add more  flour, or you may not be able to incorporate all of the flour, depending on  the humidity and the size of the eggs. If the dough is sticky or extremely  pliable, knead more flour into it.    Divide the dough into three portions, cover them with plastic wrap or an  overturned bowl, and allow to rest for at least 30 minutes.    FILLING: Puree the cooked pumpkin or squash and carrots in a food processor  until smooth.    Saute the onions, garlic, and spices in butter until the onions are soft,  then add to the pureed vegetables. Add the cheese, maple syrup, egg, salt,  and pepper.  Taste the adjust seasoning, then set the filling aside.    SAUCE: Preheat oven to 400 F and toast the hazelnuts in a shallow pan on  the middle rack for 10 to 12 minutes or until brown and fragrant. Remove  from the oven. When they are cool enough to handle, wrap the nuts tightly  in a lint-free towel and vigorously rub them against the towel. Open the  towel carefully and pick out the nuts and continue rubbing until the nuts  are almost blond.    Cook the cream, garlic, cayenne, and pepper over high heat, stirring often  and adjusting heat to keep the cream from boiling over. When the cream is  thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, add the salt, taste, and adjust  seasoning.  Remove sauce from heat until youre ready to use it.    ASSEMBLY: If youre making your own pasta, roll the dough out very thin on  a lightly floured surface, one portion at a time. If you have a pasta  machine, follow the manufacturers instructions for rolling out the dough  into sheets about 1 millimeter thick.    Lay one pasta sheet out on a flat surface and spray it with water to  prevent drying and to make it more flexible. Place half tablespoons of  filling along the bottom edge of the pasta about 1/2 inch apart. For larger  ravioli, use 1 tablespoon of filling and leave 1 inch between dollops. Fold  the pasta sheet over the filling and cut apart with a ravioli cutter. Set  the finished ravioli aside and cover with a damp cloth.    Cook the ravioli in salted boiling water al dente. Reheat the sauce, then  drain the ravioli.  Add the shredded sorrel to the sauce and cook just  until it wilts -- about 30 seconds. Add half the hazelnuts, turn the heat  off, and add the cooked ravioli.  Stir gently and serve immediately.  Garnish with the remaining hazelnuts.    * Adapted from Glories of the Vegetarian Table by Janet Hazen * Published  in: The Herb Companion, October/November 1993 * Typed for you by Karen  Mintzias    