Pumpkin Ravioli with Prosciutto and Sage
Heavy cream, Grated Parmesan, Cornstarch, Pumpkin, fresh sage, Chicken Stock, Wonton skins, Salt, prosciutto, Unsalted butter, 
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Split the pumpkin in half, scoop out the  seeds, and bake 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool to room  temperature. Scoop the pumpkin meat out of the skins. and discard the  skins. Place the pumpkin pulp in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a  metal blade and pulse to chop fine. Saute the pulp in the butter 2 minutes  over medium-high heat. Add the prosciutto and chopped sage, and continue  cooking two minutes more. Reduce the heat to low and add 1/2 cup of the  heavy cream and half of the Parmesan cheese. Slowly reduce by half. Season  with salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper and set aside until cool.    Have a cup of water and a pastry brush ready beside your work surface. Lay  out a few wonton skins and place 1 1/2 teaspoons of filling on the center  of each. Brush all four edges of a second wonton skin with water. Place  atop the first and press gently with your fingers to seal the edges and  eliminate air pockets. As each wonton is completed, place it on a sheet pan  covered with waxed paper lightly coated with cornstarch to prevent  sticking. (Alternatively, the ravioli may be dusted with cornstarch.) Cover  with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use. They may be stored  this way for as long as two days.    To make the sauce, simmer the chicken stock and the remaining cream and  Parmesan cheese in a saucepan over low heat 8 to 10 minutes. While the  sauce is cooking, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. drop in the  ravioli and boil 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and place 5 to 6 ravioli per person  on individual plates. Spoon several tablespoons of sauce over each portion.  Garnish with sage leaves and freshly ground black pepper.    Yield: 8 to 10 servings    Notes: Recipe reprinted by Permission from The 21 Cookbook" Copyright c.  Michael Lomonaco 1995, published by Doubleday    Recipe by: SHOW #TGSP96    Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #921 by Sue <suechef@sover.net> on Nov 23,  1997