Pumpkin Spice Cake in Jars (Oven Method)
Ground cinnamon, Salt, Walnuts, Baking soda, Ground ginger, All-purpose flour, Baking Powder, Granulated sugar, Salad oil (use fresh oil), (16 oz) pumpkin OR   *, Freshley cooked and mashed, Eggs, Seedless raisins, Ground cloves, 
*  Do not use pumpkin pie filling.       Preheat oven to 325  F.  Grease the inside of 8 - 1 pint wide-mouth Kerr  or Ball canning jars or Ball Quality Crystal (12 oz.) with Crisco (do not  use a spray like Pam or Bakers Secret); set aside. The 1 pint jars are  shorter but bigger around and hold more than the decorative 12 oz. jars,  use either one.  The 1 pint jars dont come with labels though, so youll  have to make your own.     Coarsely chop the raisins and walnuts; set aside. I used my mini chopper  and did them in batches.     Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cloves,  cinnamon, and ginger into a large bowl. Add raisins and walnuts; toss  lightly to combine.     In another large bowl, beat eggs at high speed until thick and yellow  (2-3 minutes).  Gradually beat in the sugar until thick and light. At low  speed, beat in the oil and pumpkin; blend well. Gradually stir in the flour  mixture until well blended.     Divide mixture among the 7 or 8 canning jars (should be slightly less  than 1/2 full).  Wipe the sides of the jar in case you slop, or itll burn.  Place jars on a cookie sheet or theyll tip over.     Bake in a preheated 325  F. oven for about 40 minutes or until toothpick  inserted into center of cakes (deep) comes out clean. When cakes test done,  remove them, one at a time and immediately place the lids and rings on  them.     You must boil the lids, rings, and jars for 10 minutes to sterilize them  before using.  Keep the lids in the hot water until you use them. Take them  out, one by one and put them onto the jars.     If youd like to make a regular cake out of this without messing with  the jars:     Grease a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan.  Bake in preheated 350 F. oven for  50 minutes or until cake tests done. If you like spicy cake, this will be  one of your favorites. Ellie       FROM:  Posted on the Prodigy Food and Wine Club forum on January 18,  1992 by Ellie Collin  (CMKD93F) Formatted to MM by Trish McKenna.  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #301    Date: Thu, 14 Nov 1996 12:08:59 -0500    From: Martha Sheppard <MARTHAHS@postoffice.worldnet.att.net>