Pumpkin Squares with White Chocolate-Cream Cheese Frosting
Baking soda, Ground ginger, Egg, GARNISH; (OPTIONAL), dark brown sugar, Solid-pack pumpkin, PUMPKIN SQUARES, Pure vanilla extract, Ground cinnamon, unsalted butter, Semisweet chocolate, Salt, Raisins, White chocolate, Allspice, All-purpose flour, nutmeg, ground, WHITE CHOCOLATE-CREAM CHEESE, Cream cheese, Unsalted butter, walnuts, Pure vanilla extract, 
Make the pumpkin squares:    1.Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350F. Butter a  13-by-9-inch stainless steel or nonstick baking pan. Dust the pan with  flour and tap out the excess. 2.In a medium bowl, using a wire whisk, stir  together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, allspice, cloves  and salt. 3.In a large bowl, using a hand-held mixer set at medium speed,  beat the butter for 30 seconds, or until creamy. Beat in the brown sugar  and continue to beat for about 2 minutes, or until the mixture is light in  texture. Beat in the egg, beating until well blended. Beat in the vanilla.  On low speed, beat in half the flour mixture. Beat in the pumpkin in 2  additions. Scrape down the side of the bowl. Beat in the remaining flour  mixture just until combined. Using a large rubber spatula, fold in the  walnuts and raisins until evenly distributed. 4.Scrape the batter into the  prepared pan and smooth the top with the spatula. Bake for 25 to 30  minutes, or until a toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center comes  out clean. Cool completely in the pan on a wire rack.    Make the frosting:    5.Melt the chocolate according to Godivas chocolate melting tips. Let cool  at room temperature. 6.In a medium bowl, using a hand-held mixer set at  medium speed, beat the cream cheese until light and fluffy, about 2  minutes. Beat in the vanilla. Beat in the butter. Gradually beat in the  cooled white chocolate and beat until smooth and shiny. (If the mixture  looks slightly curdled at any time, simply continue beating until smooth.)  7.Scrape the frosting onto the top of the cooled pumpkin squares and, using  an offset metal cake spatula, spread it evenly over them. Refrigerate for  30 minutes, or until the frosting is slightly set.    Make the garnish (optional):    8.Melt the chocolate according to Godivas chocolate melting tips. Dip a  fork into the melted chocolate and shake and flick it over the top of the  pumpkin squares to form a decorative freeform pattern, dipping the fork in  the chocolate as necessary. 9.Using a large sharp knife, cut the squares  lengthwise into 4 strips, wiping the knife blade clean after each cut. Then  cut each strip into 6 pieces, again wiping the knife clean, to make 24  squares. (Keep any leftovers covered and refrigerated.)    Posted to Bakery-Shoppe Digest V1 #448 by Shelley Sparks  <ssparks@mailbox.arn.net> on Dec 11, 1997