Puree of Watercress, Mushroom, Leek and Potato Soup
Red bell pepper; thin strips, (1" diam) leek; cleaned and, 1% low-fat milk; (1 cup), Butter or margarine; or oil, Salt, Water, OR soy milk; at room, OPTIONAL GARNISH, Potatoes; cut in small, Freshly ground black pepper;, Garlic, OPTIONAL ADDITIONS, Sour cream; and/or, Fresh watercress; large,, Mushrooms; coarsely chopped, 
1) Melt the butter or heat the oil in a soup pot or a Dutch oven. Add the  leek, mushrooms, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Saute for about 10 minutes over  medium heat.    2) Add the potatoes and garlic cloves, and pour in the water. Sprinkle in  another 1/2 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, partially cover, and lower heat  to a simmer until the potatoes are very tender. Remove from heat.    3) Puree the soup in a blender or a food processer (or directly in the pot  with a hand blender). Add the watercress, bit-by-bit, as you pur?e, until  it is all incorporated and the soup is smooth. Taste to correct salt.    4) You can serve this hot, at room temperature, or cold. If youre serving  it hot, reheat the soup gently just before serving. stirring in the  optional milk at the end. If you are serving this room temperature or  chilled, add the milk at any time.    5) Top the soup with a grind or two of fresh black pepper, a little sour  cream and thin strips of red bell pepper, if desired, for a nicely finished  look.    TIPS: * This soup is lowfat and possibly vegan (if you use oil and  soymilk). * The vegetable quantities are somewhat flexible, so dont worry  if you dont have exact amounts. Mollie uses handfuls."    **Mollie Katzen - the author of the Moosewood Cookbook serves up recipes  and cooking tips. http://www.molliekatzen.com/ Updated monthly starting  98Feb.>Kitpath McBuster 98Feb Mc-PER SERVING: 67CAL, 2g fat (27% cff).    Notes: Adapted from "Still Life with Menu Cookbook." Serves 6 or more if  you add milk. CookNote: Try this very simple, rich-tasting puree of  vegetables, which tastes delicious with or without milk added. The  watercress is a spunky presence which gives the soup a peppery edge. Go  ahead and make this several days ahead of time. It keeps and reheats  beautifully.    Recipe by: Mollie Katzen Monthly (Feb98)    Posted to EAT-LF Digest by KitPATh <phannema@wizard.ucr.edu> on Feb 18,  1998