1. In small saucepan, combine frosting and candy coating; melt over low  heat, stirring occasionally until smooth.  Remove from heat.  Stir in desired amount of food color.  2. Line cookie sheets with waxed paper. Using tongs, dip each cookie in  melted frosting mixture, coating completely. Lay flat on cookie sheets. Let  stand 10 minutes until set.  3. Decorate coated cookies with jack-o-lantern faces using decorator icing. Top each with 1 gumdrop half for stem.  NOTES: For Halloween, creme filled chocolate sandwich cookies are available with orange filling; these special festive cookies are perfect for this recipe.
This stuff is great with pork, chicken or  turkey... anything you want to give some kick!      Peel mangos and cut from the pit.  Chop into chunks.   Place all ingredients  into large pot. Bring mixture to boil and continue boiling uncovered for 25  minutes. Mixture will thicken slightly as liquid is reduced. Pour into large bowl of food processor, pulsing briefly to coarsely mince chutney  before serving.   Makes approximately 4 cups.
Combine first 5 ingredients, stirring well. Garnish as desired.  Great on burgers! 
Cut each pepper in half lengthwise.   Remove seeds and membranes*.  When removing the stem, be sure to leave tops intact as to form a bowl.    Stir together cheddar cheese, cream cheese, and Italian seasoning in a  medium mixing bowl! Spoon some of the cheese mixture into each pepper half, slightly mounding it.   Beat together eggs and milk in a small mixing bowl.  Dip each pepper into flour mixture, then dip each pepper into egg mixture  and roll in bread crumbs! Shake off crumbs, then dip in egg and bread crumbs one more time.  Place pepper halves, filled side up, on a large baking sheet covered with foil.  Bake at 350 for 25-30 minutes or till  tender and heated through. Serve with guacamole or sour cream if desired.  Makes 20 poppers. If you should decide to deep fry, make sure poppers are  well chilled so the cheese doesnt ooze all over your fryer.      Recipe by: Pat Minotti (with some help from Mark Perkins)  *Note that you should probably use rubber gloves when seeding spicy peppers.
Combine the jalapenos, garlic, black pepper, salt, lime juice and oregano  in a blender or food processor and puree.   Pour over steak in a shallow pan and rub all over. Cover and marinate in refrigerator up to 24 hours.   Cook over hot coals until done.
*Jamaican jerk seasoning: Combine 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon  sugar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon crushed dried thyme, 1/2  teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves, and 1/2 teaspoon ground  cinnamon. Store in covered container.      For dressing, mix honey-mustard dressing and lime peel. If necessary, add  water to make of drizzling consistency. Cover and chill dressing till ready  to serve.      Rinse chicken breast halves; pat dry with paper towels.  Sprinkle chicken with the Jamaican jerk seasoning.  In a 10-inch skillet cook the seasoned chicken in hot oil over medium-high heat about 6 minutes per side or till golden brown and no pink remains. Thinly bias slice each chicken breast.  If using fresh mangoes, pit, peel, and slice each one.  Divide greens among  4 dinner plates. Arrange warm chicken and mango atop; drizzle with dressing. If desired, top with strips of lime peel. Makes 4 servings.      Make-Ahead Tip: Combine ingredients for dressing. Cover and chill up to 8  hours ahead. Just before serving, drizzle over prepared salads.  
These are some pretty good recipes for chileheads. The original recipes were from Emeril, but I have kicked it UP!   If I had access to Datil Peppers I  think that would be the best!    Combine spices in a bowl by hand or in food processor. Store in an airtight container.
These are some pretty good recipes for chileheads.   The original recipes were from Emeril, but I have kicked it UP!   I have used habaneros dried and  powdered for the Jerk Spice mixture.   If I had access to Datil Peppers I  think that would be the best!    Combine first 8 ingredients in a bowl or in a food processor. Season swordfish with jerk spice and drizzle with oil. Place on grill for 3  minutes. Spoon 1/4 of rub on each fish and flip to other side.   Spoon the rest of the rub on each fish and cook 1 minute. Remove and serve over salsa.    For the salsa, heat orange juice in pan over the grill until warm.   Add mangos, cilantro and salt and pepper and let cook for 3 minutes without  boiling. Spoon onto plate and over arugula.  Place swordfish over salsa.
These are some pretty good recipes for chileheads.   The original recipes were from Emeril, but I have kicked it UP!  I have used Hbs dried and  powdered for the Jerk Spice mixture. If I had access to Datil Peppers I think that would be the best!      Sprinkle vegetables with spice and drizzle with oil. Grill 5 minutes per side.   Serve with Jamaican Marinated Pork. 
This recipe is not exactly the way my wife makes it, but close.   She always fiddles with recipes to adjust to our liking.    If I ask her to tell me what she changed she would say something like "A little here and a little there.  Dont remember exactly."      Creole Tomato Sauce:   Boil tomatoes 2 to 3 minutes, remove skins, cut in half, remove seeds and  dice. Heat olive oil in medium saucepan, add shallots and cook for 2 minutes, add garlic, thyme, oregano, basil and white pepper. Sweat shallots  until clear. Add diced tomatoes, bring to a boil, add red wine and sugar,  reduce heat, simmer for 1 hour or until cooked. Salt and pepper to taste.  Puree in blender.      JAMBALAYA:    In medium saucepan melt butter, add 1/2 the onions(4 oz)and sweat until  clear. Add rice, 1 bay leaf and 1 ounce of chicken stock, bring to boll  then place in 450 degree oven, 5 to 7 minutes.   Remove from oven and hold.  (Rice should be about 1/2 cooked.)    In heavy gauge pot render fat out of sausage.   Remove sausage and drain. In  the remaining fat in pot, saute chicken, remove, drain and hold. In  remaining fat, saute onions, celery, green peppers garlic and seasonings  (thyme, basil, oregano, white pepper, cayenne pepper and remaining bay  leaves).   Dust with flour. Cook for 5 minutes. Add remaining chicken stock and cook another 5 minutes. Add sausage, chicken,pre- cooked rice and  creole tomato sauce, salt and ground black pepper to taste. Let simmer  slowly for 30 to 45 minutes, stir frequently to prevent sticking.
I saw these in Decembers Southern Living. Thought you guys might be interested.  Attach a gift card with the recipe on it to the package of mix:     *combine all ingredients; store in an airtight container.  Yield: 1 1/2    cups;   Prep time: 5 min      *Jambalaya: Bring Jambalaya mix, 3 cups water, and 1 (8oz) can tomato sauce to a boil in a Dutch oven.   Stir in 1 cup cooked chicken and 1 cup cooked  ham or smoked sausage. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 20-25 minutes until  rice is tender. Remove from heat and discard bay leaf.
The following recipes and tips were in an article in the Food Day section  of the Oregonian. They are from Marnie Swedberg, author of "Marnies  Kitchen Shortcuts."      Combine dry milk, Nestles Quick, creamer and sugar. Store in sealed  plastic container.    To use: Add 1/3 to 1/2 cup of mix to 1 cup hot water.      Tips:      * Store homemade mixes in airtight, moisture-proof containers or in  resealable freezer bags. Swedberg prefers sour cream and cottage cheese  containers; for large batches, she uses ice cream buckets and deli  containers.      * Mixes containing shortening or bread crumbs will stay fresh for six  months. Spice mixes will stay fresh longer, but tastes and aromas may  decline with age. Freezing extends shelf life.      * An empty shoe box works well as a "filing cabinet" for plastic freezer  bags filled with dry mixes.      * Label mixes as you prepare them. Include the name of the mix, date  assembled and use instructions. Try self-adhesive labels or a small square  of paper taped to the container.      * Assembly will go more quickly if you use two sets of measuring utensils:  one for dry ingredients and the other for shortening. 
Mix everything together in a large bowl.   You can eat this right away or chill in the refrigerator.
Put everything in a large pot and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium  or so, cover, and simmer for about 45 minutes or so, until the leaves are  tender but not mushy.      Notes: *I use Bac Uns are a soy bacon bit from Frontier Herbs.   **I use  Seitenbacher Veggie Broth powder and use about 1 tsp per cup of water. 
Combine egg yolks, 1/2 the sugar, pumpkin, milk, salt and spice.   Cook in top of double boiler until thick. Soak gelatin in cold water for 5 minutes,  add to pumpkin mixture which has been removed from heat. Mix and cool.   When thickened, beat egg whites until foamy, then gradually add remaining sugar.  Beat until egg whites hold peak. Fold into pumpkin mixture. Pour into  9-inch baked pastry shell. (I used a quiche dish.) Chill. Garnish with whipped cream.    
In a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar. Beat in egg and lemon juice  until light and fluffy.    Stir in sifted flour, baking powder, and salt until smooth.   Stir in zucchini and walnuts. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls on greased cookie sheet.    Bake in a pre-heated 375-F degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes.   Meanwhile, prepare icing by combining lemon juice and confectioners sugar in a small bowl, stirring to blend.    Remove from cookie sheet to cool on a wire rack and drizzle lightly with icing while the cookies are still warm. Store in an airtight container for  up to a week.
The several varieties of trees that bear the edible persimmon fruit are  members of the EBONY family, Ebenaceae. The Japanese persimmon, or kaki,  Diospyros kaki, native to China and Japan, is the most important  commercially.   The black sapote, D. digyna, native to tropical Mexico and  Central America, was important in the pre-Columbian diet there.      One U.S. species, the common persimmon, D. virginiana, which grows from  Connecticut to Florida and west to Kansas, bears fruit that is edible when  fully mature. Another, the Texas persimmon, D. texana, bears inedible  fruit. Persimmons are also grown as ornamentals or for their wood. [R. J.  Knight, Jr; Grolier Encyclopedia]      SEASON: October through December.    LOOK FOR: Slightly firm, plump fruit with smooth, unbroken skin and the  stem cap attached. Avoid bruised or too soft fruit. Oriental varieties are  most common; smaller native persimmons are usually home grown. (See Wild  Persimmons)    TO STORE: When ripe, refrigerate persimmons and use them within 1 to 2  days.    TO PREPARE: Remove the caps. Press native persimmons through a food mill or  strainer to remove the seeds and skin before using the fruit in recipes.  For dessert or a snack, place an Oriental persimmon, stem end down, on a  plate; cut gashes through the top skin so that the pulp can be eaten with a  spoon.
Needed -- 6 half-pint jelly jars with rings.  Grease jelly jars. Mix together flour, salt, and soda. In large bowl  beat sugar, butter, eggs, and vanilla on medium speed until light and  fluffy. Add flour mixture and buttermilk alternately to butter mixture  beating just till blended after each addition. Fold in nuts and cherries.    Pour about 2/3 cup batter into each jar. Cover with foil. Place jars on  rack in large pot with 1 in. simmering water. Cover and steam about 30 min. or till a toothpick in center comes out clean. Cool cake in jars 10 min.  Remove cake from jars, cool completely.    Wash jars; replace cakes.   Spread  tops of cakes with white icing. Secure the metal rings to jars.    
Puree the drained tomatoes well.  It is important to use Italian Plum  Tomatoes, not regular canned tomatoes.  The flavor is distinctively  different.    If you cannot find Progresso Plum Tomatoes with basil, add an  additional 1/2 to 1 tb. basil to the tomatoes while pureeing.        Place the puree mixture in heavy saucepan.    Add remaining ingredients  except for the grated cheese.  Simmer 1/2 hour, or longer if necessary. Add cheese last 10 minutes of cooking.   The canned grated parmesan is good in  this recipe, as well as fresh.      Sauce can be frozen if needed.
Follow manufacturers instructions for placing flour and remaining  ingredients into the bread pan.   Select the European bake cycle, and start  the bread machine. Yield: one 1/12 pound loaf, 16 servings. 
This is one of those "precious" recipes that my mother used to cook.  After tenderizing the round steak, dredge in mixture of the flour, garlic  powder and salt.  Brown the outside of the meat quickly in hot oil.  Add the onions, worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, tomato paste, tomato  sauce, pepper and tomatoes (if desired, chop as they cook).    Add water if  necessary to cover the meat.      Simmer for 2 hours on low heat.      Add the bell pepper and cook an additional 15-20 minutes.    Serve with mashed potatoes and rolls.      Bell pepper may be increased to 1/2 cup if desired.
Mix all dry spices together well, and mix into uncooked meat by hand. Heat  spiced meat in frying pan over medium high heat until just brown, lower  heat and simmer in juices until nearly dry.      Spoon into heated taco shells or flour tortillas, top with grated cheddar  cheese, sour cream, tomato bits, lettuce strips, taco sauce or other  toppings.
Put water over medium heat, add sugar.  Heat until dissolved.  Add frozen orange juice, stir, and add cranberries.  Add grand marnier.  Bring back up to medium heat, stirring occasionally, and heat until about one third of the cranberries burst.  
I have used Hbs dried and  powdered for the Jerk Spice mixture. If I had access to Datil Peppers I  think that would be the best!      Combine all dry ingredients and mix.   Mix in rest of ingredients either by  hand or in food processor. Place pork in a non-reactive container and cover  with marinade. Let marinate in refrigerator for a few hours or overnight.      On a hot grill, let cook 5 to 6 minutes per side, basting occasionally. To  serve, slice on angle and serve with Jamaican Spiced Vegetables.    
To make marinade:    Combine onions, leeks and chilies in a food processor. Add gingerroot and  garlic and process to thick paste. Transfer to large nonreactive bowl -  glass or stainless will work or I marinade in a large thick zip lock or  plastic bag.    Mix in remaining ingredients and set aside.      To make turkey:    Rinse the turkey under cold running water. Pat dry. Loosen turkey skin by  gently easing finger under skin at the neck. Gradually work hand under skin  to loosen without tearing it. Season turkey with salt and pepper. Place 1/3  marinade inside turkey.   Gently place 1/3 marinade under skin, being very  careful not to tear the skin. Brush remaining marinade all over bird.    Transfer to nonreactive pan.   Cover with aluminum foil or put em in that  plastic bag and refrigerate overnight.    Place remaining ingredients including 2 cups stock in roasting pan.   Unwrap turkey and place on rack in pan. Roast turkey at 325F degrees 3 1/2 to 4  hours, basting frequently with pan juices and adding additional broth if  needed.      OR Place turkey in smoker over soaked applewood chips. I much prefer  the flavor of the smoked meat to roasting. Be sure and cover turkey with  cheesecloth prior to placing in smoker. Spray bird down with fine mist of  water every 30 minutes.    When turkey is done, let stand 20 minutes before carving. (For roasted  turkey strain pan juices) and serve seperately. For smoked turkey gently  remove the dress of cheesecloth. This bird will fall apart its so juicy.  The left overs make the best enchilada or tamales ever.
Lightly freeze the meat to help in slicing.   Slice into about 1/2 inch or  less strips ,across the grain, with the grain for chewier jerky, and  marinate over night. I start them in the smoker on a rack for 2 to 3 hours  then finish in a dehydrator.   Could do the whole process on the smoker if  you keep the temp low enough.
I want to share a slaw recipe that I have developed over the last 12  months. It is a result of extensive research on the net - combining/testing  various patterned ingredients that appear or make up "famous" slaws from  elite restaurants and hotels all over the country.   It is absolutely the best slaw I have ever had. Lots of requests and very simple to make.    Place the pre-packaged (Dole is excellent) 1 lb slaw mix in a large bowl,  add the onion, apple and celery - dice to desired consistency. Combine with  the following dressing recipe. Store in an air-tight container.      Hint: Be sure to Check the expiration dates on pre-packaged slaw mixes. The grocer will  often place his older stock in the front to "move it." Search around for  the date furthest away from the day you shop. 
Run the above slaw ingredients in a processor and chop until about 1/4 inch in size.   Combine the sauce ingredients in a shallow mixing bowl. Use a whisk to mix.   Pour into the slaw mix and fold well. Refrigerate 3 to 4 hours before serving.
In a spice grinder or small food processor, combine all of the ingredients.  Grind well and store in a small glass jar. 
Make a slack dough either by hand, electric mixer, or bread machine with  the first 9 ingredients.   Add the olives and pine nuts just before the last  1/2 cup flour if your hand kneading or using mixer or 5 minutes before the  end of the bread machine cycle ( to keep them whole ).   Let dough double in  size about 1 1/2 hours. Punch down and spread in a cornmeal, heavily dusted  14 inch round pizza pan.   Make indentations in the dough with your finger  tips, cover and let rise for 45 minutes or doubled and puffy. Push  vegetables of your choice into dough to keep them anchored down.   Meanwhile  preheat oven to 500. turn it down to 450 and bake foccacia 15 to 20 minutes  or until golden brown.   Remove from oven and sprinkle with fresh basil and  cracked black pepper. Fresh tomato slices, chopped garlic and a bit of  olive oil elevate this bread to sublime.      Note:Italian flour: lowest level of ash,protein level 9.8 % and used to add  lightness to pizza etc. Diastatic malt powder ( or barley malt syrup ) when  added to dough helps produce a finer texture and longer keeping quality   
